Program Components – Single & Pairs, Ice Dance and Synchronized Skating
Composition The intentional, developed and / or original arrangement of the repertoire of all types of movements into a meaningful whole according to the principles of proportion, unity, space, pattern and musical structure. Multidimensional movements and use of space
Connections between and within the elements
Choreography reflecting musical phrase and form
Presentation
The demonstration of engagement, commitment and involvement based on an understanding of the music and composition.
Expressiveness & projection
Variety and contrast of energy and of movements
Musical sensitivity and timing
Skating Skills The ability of the skater to execute the skating repertoire of steps, turns and skating movements with blade and body control.
Variety of edges, steps, turns, movements and directions Clarity of edges, steps, turns, movements and body control. Balance and glide Flow Power and speed
Pattern and ice coverage
Unity
Oneness and awareness of space (Pair Skating, Ice Dance, Synchronized Skating)
Unison (Pair Skating, Ice Dance, Synchronized Skating)
Serious Error(s)
Serious errors are falls and/or mistakes which result in a break in the delivery of the program. This break can be minimal or more pronounced and noticeable. These errors must be reflected in the mark awarded for each program component. The consequence depends on the severity and impact they have on the fluidity and continuity of the program. The following guideline should be used.
Category Mark range
Definition
Errors
Platinum
Outstanding
No errors
Diamond
9.75
Excellent
No serious errors
9.00 – 9.50*
Only 1 serious error
Gold
8.00 – 8.75**
Very good
2 or more serious errors
Green
7.00 – 7.75 6.00 – 6.75 5.00 – 5.75
Good Above average Average
For all Components:
When there is only one error and this error minimally impacts the program, the maximum score of 9.50 is possible as noted above.
Orange
Red
4.00 – 4.75 3.00 – 3.75
2.00 – 2.75 1.00 – 1.75 0.25 – 0.75
Below average Weak
Poor Very poor Extremely poor
Note: For the above to apply, the program as a whole is still deemed to be “Excellent”.
**When there are 2 or more errors and these errors only minimally impact the program, the maximum score of 8.75 is possible.
Note: an error by both partners, happening at the same time or not (e.g. Fall by 2) must be considered as 2 errors. Note: this basic principle applies equally when the errors occur within an element and/or outside an element.
July 2024
Таблица 1 (страницы 1):
Composition: The intentional, developed and / or
original arrangement of the
repertoire of all types of
movements into a meaningful
whole according to the principles of
proportion, unity, space, pattern
and musical structure.; Presentation: The demonstration of engagement,
commitment and involvement based
on an understanding of the music and
composition.; Skating Skills: The ability of the skater to execute
the skating repertoire of steps,
turns and skating movements with
blade and body control.
Composition: Multidimensional movements
Variety of edges, steps, turns,
Expressiveness & projection
and use of space
movements and directions
Clarity of edges, steps, turns,
Connections between and
Variety and contrast of energy
movements and body
within the elements
and of movements
control.
Balance and glide
Choreography reflecting
Musical sensitivity and timing
musical phrase and form
Flow
Composition: Pattern and ice coverage; Presentation: Oneness and awareness of
space (Pair Skating, Ice Dance,
Synchronized Skating); Skating Skills: Power and speed
Composition: Unity; Skating Skills: Unison (Pair Skating, Ice
Dance, Synchronized Skating)
Таблица 2 (страницы 1):
Serious Error(s)
Serious errors are falls and/or mistakes which result in a break in the delivery of the program. This break
can be minimal or more pronounced and noticeable. These errors must be reflected in the mark awarded
for  each  program  component.  The  consequence  depends  on  the  severity  and  impact  they  have  on  the
fluidity and continuity of the program. The following guideline should be used.: Category
Mark range
Definition
Errors
Platinum
Outstanding
No errors
Diamond
9.75
Excellent
No serious errors
9.00 – 9.50*
Only 1 serious error
Gold
8.00 – 8.75**
Very good
2 or more serious errors
7.00 – 7.75
Good
Green
6.00 – 6.75
Above average
5.00 – 5.75
Average
Orange
4.00 – 4.75
Below average
3.00 – 3.75
Weak
Red
2.00 – 2.75
Poor
1.00 – 1.75
Very poor
0.25 – 0.75
Extremely poor
For all Components:
When there is only one error and this error minimally impacts the
program, the maximum score of 9.50 is possible as noted above.
ote:    For  the  above  to  apply,  the  program  as  a  whole  is  still
deemed to be “Excellent”.
*When there are 2 or more errors and these errors only minimally
impact the program, the maximum score of 8.75 is possible.