TECHNICAL PANEL HANDBOOK PAIR SKATING
25 July 2025


Calling procedure
In both Short Program and Free Skating whenever possible we should call the elements really performed and not the elements that are required.
Any wrong elements will receive an “*” that will result in “No Value”. When the calculation system adds “*” to an element, the TP must check that the “*” is in the correct place.
General
Any element in Short Program and Free Skating started after the required time (plus the ten (10) seconds allowed) must not be identified by the Technical Panel and will have no value.
Calling procedure for falls: If a fall occurs in an element, the call will be “Fall”. For example “3F, Fall”. If a fall occurs outside an element, the call will be “Fall outside”. If the fall is called outside, the replay operator must make sure that the fall is not included in the videoclip of an element. Falls in elements and in any part of the program must be reviewed with normal speed.
A Fall is defined as loss of control by a Skater with the result that the majority of his/her own body weight is on the ice supported by any other part of the body other than the blades e.g. hand(s), knee(s), back, buttock(s) or any part of the arm.
Before the elements are authorized by the TC, both TS1 and TS2 should state “agree” if the list read by the data operator is correct. After that TC can authorize the elements.


Step Sequence
Rules
General: Short Program
The Step Sequence is included in the Short Program every season; there is no Step Sequence in the Free Skating program. All step sequences should be executed according to the character of the music. Step sequence should be executed together or close together and may include any unlisted jumps. Short stops in accordance with the music are permitted. Step sequences must fully utilize the ice surface. Turns and steps must be balanced in their distribution throughout the sequence.
Credit will be given to a pair which changes places and holds or uses difficult skating moves together during a step sequence. The workload between both partners must be even to be taken into account for a possible higher Level.
Level features
1) Minimum variety (Level 1), simple variety (Level 2), variety (Levels 3–4) of difficult turns and steps of both partners throughout (compulsory)
2) Rotations in either direction (left and right) with full body rotation covering at least 1/3 of the pattern in total for each rotational direction
3) Use of body movements for at least 1/3 of the pattern 4) Not separating at least half of the pattern (changes of holds are allowed). 5) Two different combinations of 3 difficult turns (rockers, counters, brackets, twizzles, loops) executed by both partners with continuous flow within the sequence. One must be executed in a hold. Only the first two combinations can be counted. Clarifications
3) Use of body movements for at least 1/3 of the pattern 4) Not separating at least half of the pattern (changes of holds are allowed). 5) Two different combinations of 3 difficult turns (rockers, counters, brackets, twizzles, loops) executed by both partners with continuous flow within the sequence. One must be executed in a hold. Only the first two combinations can be counted. Clarifications
Pattern
There is no prescribed pattern of the Step Sequence, however it must fully utilize the ice surface. The Step Sequence must be visible and identifiable and should be performed by using the full ice surface (e.g. straight line, serpentine, circle, oval or similar shape). Failure to achieve the above description will result in no value. In features 2 – 4 “pattern” and “sequence” means the pattern actually executed by the skater.
Beginning and end of the pattern
This is when the skaters actually start and conclude the Sequence.
Definition of Turns and Steps
Turns: twizzles, brackets, loops, counters, rockers, three turns. Steps: toe steps, chasses, mohawks, choctaws, change of edge, cross rolls.
Choctaw is a step from one foot to the other in which the curve of the exit edge is opposite to that of the entry edge. The change of foot is directly from outside edge to inside edge or vice versa and from forward to backward or vice versa.
Таблица 2 (страницы 3, 4):
Pattern: No minimum
variety, no simple
variety, only simple
variety; There is no prescribed pattern of the Step Sequence, however it must
fully utilize the ice surface. The Step Sequence must be visible and
identifiable and should be performed by using the full ice surface (e.g.
straight line, serpentine, circle, oval or similar shape). Failure to achieve
the above description will result in no value.
In features 2 – 4 “pattern” and “sequence” means the pattern actually
executed by the skater.: If skaters (or one of the partners) does not perform a minimum variety
in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level cannot be
higher than Basic. If skaters (or one of the partners) does not perform a
simple variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level
cannot be higher than 1. If one or both skaters perform only simple
variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level cannot
be higher than 2.


Definition of Difficult Turns and Steps
Minimum variety
Simple variety
Variety
Complexity
No minimum variety, no simple variety, only simple variety
Balance and workload
Rotations in either direction
Use of body movement
Difficult Turns and Steps: brackets, loops, twizzles, counters, rockers, сhoctaws. Turns and Steps must be executed on clean edges. If a turn is “jumped”, it is not counted as performed.
Must include at least 5 difficult turns and steps, executed by both partners, none of the types can be counted more than twice.
Must include at least 7 difficult turns and steps, executed by both partners, none of the types can be counted more than twice.
Must include at least 9 difficult turns and steps, executed by both partners, none of the types can be counted more than twice.
Not applicable for Pair Skating.
If skaters (or one of the partners) does not perform a minimum variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level cannot be higher than Basic. If skaters (or one of the partners) does not perform a simple variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level cannot be higher than 1. If one or both skaters perform only simple variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence, the Level cannot be higher than 2.
Turns and steps must be balanced in their distribution throughout the sequence. The workload between both partners must be even. If one or both of these requirements are not fulfilled, the Level cannot be higher than Basic.
This feature means that the skaters rotate with any listed and unlisted turns and steps continuously in one direction for at least 1/3 of the sequence and then continuously for at least 1/3 of the sequence in the opposite direction (left and right) or over the length of the step sequence the skaters are rotating with any listed and unlisted steps and turns for at least 1/3 of the sequence in total (not continuous) in one rotational direction and at least 1/3 of the sequence in total (not continuous) in the opposite direction (left and right). “Full body rotation” means one complete rotation. The skaters should not just turn half a rev. back and forth.
Use of body movements means the visible use by both skaters for a combined total of at least 1/3 of the pattern of the step sequence any movements of the arms, and/or head and/or torso and/or hips and/or legs that have an effect on the balance of the main body core. Having an effect on the balance of main body core can also be understood as having an effect on the balance of the body as a whole and influencing the balance on the blade.
Таблица 4 (страницы 4, 5):
Use of body
movement: Two combinations
of difficult turns; Use of body movements means the visible use by both skaters for a
combined total of at least 1/3 of the pattern of the step sequence any
movements of the arms, and/or head and/or torso and/or hips and/or
legs that have an effect on the balance of the main body core.
Having an effect on the balance of main body core can also be
understood as having an effect on the balance of the body as a whole
and influencing the balance on the blade.: Difficult turns are rockers, counters, brackets, twizzles, loops. In the
combinations:
- three turns are not allowed;
- changes of edges are not allowed;
- a jump/hop is not allowed;
- changes of feet are not allowed;
- the free foot must not touch the ice.
- at least one turn in the combination must be of a different type than
the others.
- one must be executed in a hold.
Only the first two combinations can be counted.
The exit edge of a turn is the entry edge of the next turn.
The combination must be executed by both partners with continuous
flow within the sequence.


Two combinations of difficult turns
A combination of difficult turns executed by both partners
What makes the combinations same or different
Jump with more than one revolution executed in the step sequence
Not separating at least half of the pattern
Difficult turns are rockers, counters, brackets, twizzles, loops. In the combinations: - three turns are not allowed; - changes of edges are not allowed; - a jump/hop is not allowed; - changes of feet are not allowed; - the free foot must not touch the ice. - at least one turn in the combination must be of a different type than the others. - one must be executed in a hold. Only the first two combinations can be counted. The exit edge of a turn is the entry edge of the next turn. The combination must be executed by both partners with continuous flow within the sequence.
A combination of difficult turns can consist of turns that are not the same for Man and Woman but must be done by the partners at the same time.
Two combinations of difficult turns are considered to be the same if they consist of the same turns done in the same order, on the same edges and the same foot.
Unlisted jumps, independent of their number of revolutions can be included in the step sequence without a deduction or any other consequence. Listed jumps with more than one revolution will be ignored in SP as an element, but will force the Judges to reduce GOE for “Listed jumps with more than 1 rev. included”. In any case this does not influence the determination of Level of difficulty of the Step sequence.
“Not separating at least half of the pattern” presumes that the skaters do not separate without any breaks for at least half of the sequence pattern. Changes of holds are allowed which may include a brief moment when partners are not touching as they change holds.
Таблица 6 (страницы 5, 6):
Not separating at
least half of the
pattern: Free Skating; “Not separating at least half of the pattern” presumes that the skaters
do not separate without any breaks for at least half of the sequence
pattern.
Changes of holds are allowed which may include a brief moment when
partners are not touching as they change holds.: A  Choreographic  Sequence  consists  of  at  least  two  different  skating
movements
like
spirals,
arabesques,
spread
eagles,
Ina  Bauers,
hydroblading, any jumps with maximum of 2 revolutions, spins, small lifts
etc. Steps and turns may be used to link 2 or more different movements
together. Listed elements included in the Choreographic Sequence will
not be called and will not occupy a box. The pattern is not restricted, but
the sequence must be clearly visible.
The  Technical  Panel
identifies
the  Choreographic  Sequence  which
commences with the first skating movement and is concluded with the
preparation to the next element (if the Choreographic Sequence is not
the last element of the program).
The  Choreographic
Sequence
included
Free
Skating.
The
Choreographic Sequence has a base value and will be evaluated by the
judges in GOE only.


Choreographic Sequence
Rules
Free Skating
A Choreographic Sequence consists of at least two different skating movements Ina Bauers, like spirals, arabesques, spread eagles, hydroblading, any jumps with maximum of 2 revolutions, spins, small lifts etc. Steps and turns may be used to link 2 or more different movements together. Listed elements included in the Choreographic Sequence will not be called and will not occupy a box. The pattern is not restricted, but the sequence must be clearly visible. The Technical Panel identifies the Choreographic Sequence which commences with the first skating movement and is concluded with the preparation to the next element (if the Choreographic Sequence is not the last element of the program). in Free Skating. The The Choreographic Sequence Choreographic Sequence has a base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.
included
Clarifications
How to call the Choreographic Sequence
The call should be “Choreo Sequence confirmed” (if the Sequence will be counted) or “Choreo Sequence no value” in the opposite case.
When to confirm the Choreographic Sequence
Choreographic sequence can be confirmed after 2 different skating movements have been identified. The replay operator must make sure to include all the movements in the element in the videoclip for the evaluation of the GOE.
Two different skating movements
The two different skating movements must be done by both partners.
Small dance lifts
Small dance lifts count as one movement for both partners.
Sliding on the knees
Movements executed on one or two knees are counted as skating movements.
Listed single and double jumps
Listed single and double jumps except 2A included in the Choreographic Sequence will not be called and will not occupy an element’s box.
Jumps with more than 2 revolutions
A jump with more than 2 revolutions is called and counted. The Choreo Sequence ends the moment this jump is executed.
Spins
Any spin included in the Choreographic Sequence will not be called and will not occupy an element’s box.
Pattern
Any pattern is allowed; however the Sequence must be clearly visible.
Таблица 7 (страницы 6, 7, 8):
When to confirm
the Choreographic
Sequence: General; Choreographic sequence can be confirmed after 2 different skating
movements have been identified. The replay operator must make sure
to include all the movements in the element in the videoclip for the
evaluation of the GOE.: T
The minimum number of revolutions required in a position is two (2). In
case this requirement is not fulfilled, the position is not counted.
If the skater falls when entering a spin, or in any failed spin, a spin or a
spinning movement is allowed immediately after this fall or failure (for
filling time purpose) with this spin/movement not being counted as an
element.
he Solo Spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic
position with 2 revolutions in each of these positions by both partners
anywhere within the spin. To receive full value, a Spin combination must
include all three basic positions by both partners the number of
revolutions in positions that are non-basic is counted in the total number
of revolutions. Changing to a non-basic position is not considered as a
change of position. A change of foot may be executed in the form of a
step over or a jump. The change of foot and the change of position may
be made either at the same time or separately.
The spin must have a required minimum number of revolutions, the lack
of which must be reflected by the Judges in their marking, however a
spin with less than three (3) rotations is considered as a skating
movement and not a spin.
Solo Spin combinations may be commenced with a jump.
When to confirm
the Choreographic
Sequence: Short Program –
Solo Spin
combination
with only one
change of foot; Choreographic sequence can be confirmed after 2 different skating
movements have been identified. The replay operator must make sure
to include all the movements in the element in the videoclip for the
evaluation of the GOE.: The solo spin combination in the Short Program must have at least two
(2) revolutions in two basic positions (to receive full value, a Spin
combination must include all three basic positions by both partners).
Minimum of five (5) revolutions on each foot. The change of foot may be
executed in the form of a step over or a jump and the change of foot and
the change of position may be made either at the same time or
separately.
When to confirm
the Choreographic
Sequence: Basic Positions; Choreographic sequence can be confirmed after 2 different skating
movements have been identified. The replay operator must make sure
to include all the movements in the element in the videoclip for the
evaluation of the GOE.: There are 3 basic positions: camel, sit and upright positions. Non-basic
positions are all other positions.
Camel: free leg backwards with the knee higher than the hip level,
however Layback, Biellmann and similar variations are still considered as
upright spins.
Sit: the upper part of the skating leg at least parallel to the ice.
Upright: any position with extended or slightly bent skating leg which is not
a camel position.


Solo Spin Combination Rules
General
The minimum number of revolutions required in a position is two (2). In case this requirement is not fulfilled, the position is not counted. If the skater falls when entering a spin, or in any failed spin, a spin or a spinning movement is allowed immediately after this fall or failure (for filling time purpose) with this spin/movement not being counted as an element.
The Solo Spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic position with 2 revolutions in each of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. To receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic positions by both partners the number of revolutions in positions that are non-basic is counted in the total number of revolutions. Changing to a non-basic position is not considered as a change of position. A change of foot may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump. The change of foot and the change of position may be made either at the same time or separately.
The spin must have a required minimum number of revolutions, the lack of which must be reflected by the Judges in their marking, however a spin with less than three (3) rotations is considered as a skating movement and not a spin.
Short Program – Solo Spin combination with only one change of foot
Solo Spin combinations may be commenced with a jump. The solo spin combination in the Short Program must have at least two (2) revolutions in two basic positions (to receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic positions by both partners). Minimum of five (5) revolutions on each foot. The change of foot may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump and the change of foot and the change of position may be made either at the same time or separately.
Level features
1) Difficult variations (count as many times as performed with limitations specified below) 2) Change of foot executed by jump 3) Jump within a spin without changing feet 4) Difficult change of position on the same foot 5) Difficult entrance or difficult exit 6) Clear change of edge in sit (only from backward inside to forward outside), camel, Layback, Biellmann or difficult variation of an upright position
7) Both directions immediately following each other in sit, camel, Layback or difficult variation of an upright position.
8) Clear increase of speed in camel, sit, layback or Biellmann or difficult variation of an upright position (except in crossfoot spin)
9) At least 6 rev. without changes in pos./variation, foot and edge (camel, layback, difficult variation of any basic or non-basic position)
10) Difficult blade feature in camel, sit, layback, biellmann or difficult variation of an upright position


If 6 revs are executed on both feet, any one of these executions can be taken in favour of the skaters. Features 2 to 10 and any category of difficult spin variation count only once per program (first time attempted). Any category of difficult spin variation counts only once per program (first time it is attempted). In any spin with change of foot the maximum number of features attained on one foot is two (2).
All features must be performed by both skaters at the same time in order for the feature to be awarded (e.g. for Feature 1, both skaters must perform the same difficult variation at the same time).
Clarifications
Positions
Basic Positions
There are 3 basic positions: camel, sit and upright positions. Non-basic positions are all other positions. Camel: free leg backwards with the knee higher than the hip level, however Layback, Biellmann and similar variations are still considered as upright spins. Sit: the upper part of the skating leg at least parallel to the ice. Upright: any position with extended or slightly bent skating leg which is not a camel position.
Non-basic positions
All the other positions not fulfilling the requirements of any basic positions. The number of revolutions in non-basic positions is counted in the total number of revolutions; non-basic positions can be considered as difficult variations in accordance with the definition of such positions, but going to one of these positions is not considered as a change of position which can only be from one basic position to another basic position.
Positions at the same time
Both skaters must do the same basic or non-basic position at the same time in order for the position to count.
Less than 2 revolutions in every basic position
If any spin does not have at least 2 continuous revolutions in a basic position, no Level has to be given.
Less than 2 revolutions in basic positions
A spin combination executed with only 1 position with at least 2 revolutions by both partners (according to requirements) and in all other positions less than 2 revolutions (not according to requirements) receives no Level in the Short Program.
Only two basic positions
A spin combination with and without change of foot which includes only two basic positions with not less than 2 revolutions will have a lower base value in comparison with a spin combination with all three basic positions with not less than 2 revolutions. The corresponding base values are listed in the SOV. The technical panel will add “V”.
Difficult change of position on the same foot
Change from a basic position to a different basic position without establishing a non-basic position, requiring significant strength, skill and control and having an impact on the ability to execute the position change. Continuous movement must be performed throughout the change. May not include a jump to execute the change. The basic positions before and after the change must be held for 2 revolutions.
Таблица 10 (страницы 8, 9):
Difficult change of
position on the
same foot: Difficult entrance
Difficult exit; Change from a basic position to a different basic position without
establishing a non-basic position, requiring significant strength, skill and
control and having an impact on the ability to execute the position
change.  Continuous movement must be performed throughout the
change.  May not include a jump to execute the change. The
basic positions before and after the change must be held for 2 revolutions.: Only one of the two can be counted as a level feature.
The  entrance  is  defined  as  the  preparation  immediately  preceding  a  spin
and may include the beginning phase of a spin.  The entrance must have a
significant  impact  on  the  balance,  control  and  execution  of  the  spin  and
must be performed on the first spinning foot.
The intended  basic  spin  position  must  be
reached  within
the
first  2
revolutions. The position can be non-basic in spin combinations only.
A regular backward entry is not considered as a difficult entry.
The exit out of the spin is defined as the last phase of the spin and includes
the phase immediately following the spin.
Difficult exit: Any movement or jump that makes the exit significantly more
difficult. The exit must have a significant impact on the balance, control, and
execution of the spin.


Entrance and Exit
Difficult entrance or Difficult exit
Simple variation
Difficult variation
Categories of difficult variations
Cross foot spin
Sit Forward and Sit Side
Only one of the two can be counted as a level feature. The entrance is defined as the preparation immediately preceding a spin and may include the beginning phase of a spin. The entrance must have a significant impact on the balance, control and execution of the spin and must be performed on the first spinning foot. The intended basic spin position must be reached within the first 2 revolutions. The position can be non-basic in spin combinations only. A regular backward entry is not considered as a difficult entry. The exit out of the spin is defined as the last phase of the spin and includes the phase immediately following the spin. Difficult exit: Any movement or jump that makes the exit significantly more difficult. The exit must have a significant impact on the balance, control, and execution of the spin.
A simple variation of position is a movement of a body part, leg, arm, hand or head, which enhances but does not change the basic position of the main body core. A simple variation does not increase the Level. A difficult variation is a movement of a body part, leg, arm, hand or head, which requires more physical strength or flexibility and has an effect on the balance of the main body core. Only these variations can increase the level. Difficult variations relate to both partners.
There are 11 categories of difficult variations: For CAMEL POSITION there are 3 categories based on direction of the shoulder line: - (CF) Camel Forward: shoulder line parallel to the ice - (CS) Camel Sideways: shoulder line twisted to a vertical position - (CU) Camel Upward: shoulder line twisted more than to a vertical position For SIT POSITION there are 3 categories based on position of free leg:
(SF) Sit Forward: free leg forward - (SS) Sit Sideways: free leg sideways - (SB) Sit Behind : free leg behind
For UPRIGHT POSITION there are 3 categories based on position of torso: - (UF) Upright Forward: torso leaning forward
(US) Upright Straight or Sideways: torso straight up or sideways (UB) Upright Biellmann: in Biellmann position
For LAYBACK POSITION there is 1 category - (UL) Upright Layback For NON-BASIC POSITIONS there is 1 category (NBP)
“Cross foot Spin” must be executed on both feet with toes together and heels apart the weight equally divided on both feet. A Cross foot Spin is considered as a difficult variation of the Upright position (US) and will receive, if correctly executed, a feature. It is not required to stay on one foot for three revolutions before the cross. Increase of speed during a cross foot spin is not considered as a feature.
The Sit forward and Sit Side positions must also include a difficult variation which is a movement of a body part/leg/arm/hand/head, which requires more physical strength or flexibility and has an effect on the balance of the main body core.
Таблица 11 (страницы 9):
Simple variation: Difficult variation; A simple variation of position is a movement of a body part, leg, arm, hand
or head, which enhances but does not change the basic position of the
main body core. A simple variation does not increase the Level.: A difficult variation is a movement of a body part, leg, arm, hand or head,
which requires more physical strength or flexibility and has an effect on the
balance of the main body core. Only these variations can increase the level.
Difficult variations relate to both partners.
Таблица 13 (страницы 9):
Cross foot spin: Sit Forward and Sit
Side; “Cross foot Spin” must be executed on both feet with toes together and
heels apart the weight equally divided on both feet. A Cross foot Spin is
considered as a difficult variation of the Upright position (US) and will
receive, if correctly executed, a feature. It is not required to stay on one foot
for three revolutions before the cross. Increase of speed during a cross foot
spin is not considered as a feature.: The Sit forward and Sit Side positions must also include a difficult variation
which is a movement of a body part/leg/arm/hand/head, which requires
more physical strength or flexibility and has an effect on the balance of the
main body core.


Biellmann position
Windmill
Difficult blade feature
Repetitions
Features in repeated variations
What is an attempt? Similar variations in basic and in non-basic positions 2025-2026
In Sit Side position where the arms are placed underneath the legs, the skater must show effect on the balance of the main body core by bending the upper body and head downwards.
“Biellmann position” is a difficult variation of the Upright position (UB) when the skaters’ free leg is pulled from behind to a position higher than and towards the top of the head, close to the spinning axis of the skaters.
Windmill (illusion) is considered as a difficult movement for a feature only if it reaches close to a split position (at least 135 degrees). This movement must show physical strength or flexibility and have an effect on the balance of the main body core. Windmill (illusion) is considered as a difficult movement for a feature only if it reaches close to a split position (at least 135 degrees). This movement must show physical strength or flexibility and have an effect on the balance of the main body core. These requirements apply also to the windmill holding the blade (picture below). Windmill can be considered as a Level feature for difficult variation of non-basic position (must be done at least 3 times in a row) or difficult change of position. Windmill is no longer considered as a difficult entry or exit except when holding the blade and executed on the spinning foot. If the skater touches the ice with one or two hands, the feature is not counted. If the windmill is attempted as an entry into a spin using any free leg position, it is considered as used even if not awarded as difficult entry. The difficult entry can still be awarded in another spin.
The skater is using the blade in a way that has a significant impact on the balance, control and execution of the spin. The feature must be executed in camel, sit, Layback, Biellmann or difficult variation of an upright position. The position must be maintained throughout the whole feature and can be achieved for example by spinning on the heel or toe of the blade. The feature must be performed in control inside the spin and spinning must continue after the feature. The movement needs to be clearly identifiable and visible. The difficult blade feature is not considered as a difficult exit. If a skater performs the blade feature at the end of the spin, it is not considered as a used difficult exit attempt. If the skater executes the difficult blade feature together with another feature (for example difficult change of position or difficult exit), only one feature will be counted and difficult blade feature is not used. It is allowed to execute blade feature together with a difficult variation position. In this case both features will be counted (for example sit forward difficult variation and difficult blade feature).
Any category of difficult spin variation in a basic position and a difficult variation in a non-basic position counts only once (first time it is attempted).
Once a difficult spin variation has been attempted and a difficult variation of the same category is executed, the variation cannot be counted, but any additional feature in this difficult variation can still be counted.
A difficult variation is considered as attempted when this variation is clearly visible, independent of the fact this variation was counted or not. If a difficult variation in a non-basic position is quite similar to one of the executed difficult variations in a basic position, the last performed of these two variations will not be counted as a Level feature.
Таблица 16 (страницы 10, 11):
What is an
attempt?: Similar variations
in basic and in
non-basic positions; A difficult variation is considered as attempted when this variation is clearly
visible, independent of the fact this variation was counted or not.: If  a  difficult  variation  in  a  non-basic  position  is  quite  similar  to  one  of  the
executed difficult variations in a basic position, the last performed of these
two variations will not be counted as a Level feature.
What is an
attempt?: Free leg drops; A difficult variation is considered as attempted when this variation is clearly
visible, independent of the fact this variation was counted or not.: If the free leg drops down for a long time while preparing for a difficult camel
variation,  the  corresponding  Level  feature  is  still  awarded,  but  the  Judges
will apply the GOE reduction.
What is an
attempt?: Too long to reach
basic position; A difficult variation is considered as attempted when this variation is clearly
visible, independent of the fact this variation was counted or not.: The reduction will also be applied if it takes a long time for the skater(s) to
reach the necessary basic position in spins in one position.


Free leg drops
Too long to reach basic position
Jump on the same foot within a Spin
Increase of speed
Edges & directions
Clear change of edge
Spinning in both directions
If the free leg drops down for a long time while preparing for a difficult camel variation, the corresponding Level feature is still awarded, but the Judges will apply the GOE reduction. The reduction will also be applied if it takes a long time for the skater(s) to reach the necessary basic position in spins in one position.
In any spin a clear jump started and landed on the same foot will be counted as a feature only if the skater reaches the basic position within the first 2 revolutions after the landing. This jump has no requirements to the air position, but it must show significant strength and skill. The jump is considered as a Level feature only when it “requires significant strength”.
For camel, sit, layback, Biellmann or difficult variation of upright position (except crossfoot spin), once the position has been established, a clear increase of speed by both partners will be considered as a Level feature. It is not valid as a feature if the increase of speed happens while going from one basic position to another basic position. It is allowed to perform increase of speed going from layback to sideways position or vice versa as long as the skater does not execute the change by rising to an upright position. If a skater executes increase of speed changing the position from sit sideways to sit behind difficult variation, this is counted as long as the skater maintains the basic sit position and does not rise to a nonbasic position.
A clear change of edge can only be counted as a feature in:
− Sit position from backward inside to forward outside edge − Camel position − Layback position − Biellmann position − Difficult variation of Upright position
Any other attempt of a change of edge will be ignored, not blocking the possibility to credit it elsewhere. Not considered as an attempt of a change of edge is the short phase following a landing of a fly or a step-in (mostly from flat to edge, or executing a three turn, etc). A clear change of edge can only be counted as a feature, if there are at least 2 continuous revolutions on one edge followed by at least 2 continuous revolutions on the other edge in the same position (sit, camel, Layback, Biellmann or difficult variation of upright position). A change of edge within a normal upright or non-basic position does not count as a feature.
Spinning in both directions (clockwise & counter clockwise or visa-versa) in sit, camel, Layback or difficult variation of an upright position or in a combination of the two immediately following each other can be counted as a feature. A minimum of 3 revolutions in each direction is required. A spin executed in both directions (clockwise & counter clockwise) is considered as one spin.
Таблица 20 (страницы 11, 12):
pinning in both
directions: 6 revolutions; Spinning in both directions (clockwise & counter clockwise or visa-versa) in
sit, camel, Layback or difficult variation of an upright position or in a
combination of the two immediately following each other can be counted
as a feature. A minimum of 3 revolutions in each direction is required. A
spin executed in both directions (clockwise & counter clockwise) is
considered as one spin.: At least 6 revolutions by both partners without changes in
position/variation, foot or edge count as a feature only once; if 6 revs are
executed on both feet, any one of these executions can be taken by the
Technical Panel in favour of the skaters.
The 6 revolutions to be counted as a feature must be performed in:
camel, layback, difficult variation of any basic or non-basic position.


Number of Revolutions
6 revolutions
At least 6 revolutions by both partners without changes in position/variation, foot or edge count as a feature only once; if 6 revs are executed on both feet, any one of these executions can be taken by the Technical Panel in favour of the skaters. The 6 revolutions to be counted as a feature must be performed in: camel, layback, difficult variation of any basic or non-basic position.
Change of foot
To be considered, a change of foot in a spin requires at least three (3) revolutions before and after the change (these revolutions can be in any positions, including non-basic positions). If there are not three (3) revolutions before or after the change, this results in the following: Short Program - the spin is not fulfilling the requirements; no Level & value will be given.
Staying on the same foot
A change of foot in a spin means spinning on each foot. Any spin in which skaters remains spinning on the same foot is not considered as a change of foot spin.
Simple change of foot
A simple change of foot, e.g. a step or a small hop does not require significant strength and skill and does not increase the Level.
Change of foot executed by jump
Such change of foot can be counted as a feature only if the skater reaches the basic position within the first 2 revolutions after the landing. This jump has no requirements to the air position, but must show significant strength and skill.
Toe Arabian as change of foot
This change of foot is allowed, will be considered as a change of foot executed by jump and will count as a feature.
Spin with a second change of foot
The second change of foot (if attempted) in a spin with change of foot is not allowed in Short Program (wrong element).
Spinning centres too far apart
If the spinning centres (before and after the change of foot) are too far apart and the criteria of “two spins” is fulfilled (there is a curve of exit after the first part and the curve of entry into the second part), the second part of the spin will not be called and will not be valid for the Level features. That results in the following: Short Program- the spin is not fulfilling the requirements, no Level & value are given; If there is only a curve of exit after the first part or the curve of entry into the second part, this will result in GOE reduction for “Change of foot poorly executed” (this reduction does not relate to change of foot together with change of direction).
Number of features on one foot for spin combinations with change of foot
The maximum number of features that a skater can get on one foot is 2.
The feature for difficult entry will be counted in the quota of the foot before the change.
The features “Change of foot executed by jump” and ”Spinning in both directions” will be counted in the quota of the foot after the change of foot during which the feature is performed. The feature for a cross foot spin will be counted in the quota of the foot on which the cross position was started. 12
Таблица 23 (страницы 12, 13):
Number of
features on one
foot for spin
combinations
with change of
foot: P
General
Pair Spin Combination
air Spin - Novice; T
The maximum number of features that a skater can get on one foot is 2.
he feature for difficult entry will be counted in the quota of the foot before
the change.
he features “Change of foot executed by jump” and ”Spinning in both
directions” will be counted in the quota of the foot after the change of foot
during which the feature is performed. The feature for a cross foot spin will
be counted in the quota of the foot on which the cross position was started.: The pair spin combination must consist of at least one change of
foot and one change of position (sit, camel, upright or any variation
thereof) of both partners The Pair spin combination must have a
minimum of two different basic positions with 2 revolutions in each
of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. To
receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic
positions by both partners.
The pair spin combination should have not less than eight (8)
revolutions in total. The lack of revolutions is penalized by the
Judges in GOE.
A spin combination executed with less than two (2) revolutions in all
executed basic positions receives no Level and therefore no value.
A spin with less than three (3) rotations is considered as a skating
movement and not a spin.
The rotation must be continuous, and no stop is permitted, except a
short stop when changing direction.
If one or both skaters fall when entering a spin, a spin or a spinning
movement is allowed immediately after this fall (for filling time
purpose) with this spin/ movement not being counted as an
element.
If there is no change of foot or no change of position by both
partners, the element will be called a pair spin.


Pair Spin Combination Pair Spin (Novice)
Rules
General Pair Spin Combination
The pair spin combination must consist of at least one change of foot and one change of position (sit, camel, upright or any variation thereof) of both partners The Pair spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic positions with 2 revolutions in each of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. To receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic positions by both partners.
The pair spin combination should have not less than eight (8) revolutions in total. The lack of revolutions is penalized by the Judges in GOE.
A spin combination executed with less than two (2) revolutions in all executed basic positions receives no Level and therefore no value. A spin with less than three (3) rotations is considered as a skating movement and not a spin. The rotation must be continuous, and no stop is permitted, except a short stop when changing direction. If one or both skaters fall when entering a spin, a spin or a spinning movement is allowed immediately after this fall (for filling time purpose) with this spin/ movement not being counted as an element.
Pair Spin - Novice
If there is no change of foot or no change of position by both partners, the element will be called a pair spin.
Free Skating
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Seniors & Juniors must contain one Pair Spin Combination. There must be at least one change of foot of both partners not necessarily executed by both partners at the same time. Spin can commence with a fly.
Level features
1) 3 difficult variations of positions of partners, two of which can be in non-basic position (each variation of each partner counts separately, each partner must have at least one difficult variation)
2) Difficult entrance or any flying entrance by one of both partners. 3) Difficult exit 4) Both directions immediately following each other. 5) At least 6 revolutions without any changes in position/variation and foot (camel, sit, difficult upright)
6) Lifting the woman while the man is on 1 foot when executed for at least 2 revolutions.
All features count only once per program.
Таблица 24 (страницы 13, 14):
Free Skating: Positions; A well-balanced Free Skating program for Seniors & Juniors must
contain one Pair Spin Combination.
There must be at least one change of foot of both partners not
necessarily executed by both partners at the same time. Spin can
commence with a fly.: There are 3 basic positions:
Camel (free leg backwards with the knee higher than the hip level);
Sit (the upper part of the skating leg at least parallel to the ice; if in a
pair sit spin the Woman’s free leg is behind and the Man’s free leg is
in front, her basic sit position is considered to be achieved, when her
skating leg knee is bent 90 degrees or more);
Upright (any position with extended or slightly bent skating leg
which is not a camel position) and
Non-basic positions (all positions that according to the above
definitions are not camel, sit or upright).
The number of revolutions in non-basic positions is counted in the
total number of revolutions; non-basic positions can be considered as
difficult variations in accordance with the definition, but going to one
of these positions is not considered as a change of position.


Positions
Less revolutions in a position/variation
Change of position
Change of foot
No change of foot and/or position
Number of difficult variations executed
Windmill as difficult variation
Definition of spin variations Simple Variation
Clarifications
There are 3 basic positions: Camel (free leg backwards with the knee higher than the hip level); Sit (the upper part of the skating leg at least parallel to the ice; if in a pair sit spin the Woman’s free leg is behind and the Man’s free leg is in front, her basic sit position is considered to be achieved, when her skating leg knee is bent 90 degrees or more); Upright (any position with extended or slightly bent skating leg which is not a camel position) and Non-basic positions (all positions that according to the above definitions are not camel, sit or upright). The number of revolutions in non-basic positions is counted in the total number of revolutions; non-basic positions can be considered as difficult variations in accordance with the definition, but going to one of these positions is not considered as a change of position.
The minimum number of revolutions required in a position/variation is two (2). If one or both skaters perform less than two (2) revolutions in a position/ variation, this position or variation will not be counted.
A change of position is counted when it is from one basic position to another basic position (may go through non-basic position) with a minimum of two (2) rev. of both partners in each of these positions.
To be considered, a change of foot in a spin requires at least three (3) continuous revolutions before and after the change (these revolutions can be in any positions, including non-basic positions). If there are not 3 continuous revolutions before or after the change of foot executed by both partners, the PCoSp will be marked with a “V”.
If there is no change of foot or no change of position by one or both partners, the spin will be called a “Pair Spin Combination No Value.“
Any difficult variation can be counted if it lasts for at least two (2) revolutions.
Each variation of each partner is counted separately.
For one Level feature the spin must contain 3 difficult variations (two can be in a non-basic position). Each partner must have at least one difficult variation.
Windmill (illusion) is considered as a difficult variation of a non-basic position (NBP). This must be done at least 3 times in a row reaching close to a split position (135 degrees) by both partners to be counted as a level feature.
Related to both partners.
A movement of a leg, arm, hand, or head which enhances, but does not change the basic position of the main body core. A simple variation does not increase the Level.
Таблица 27 (страницы 14, 15):
Definition of spin
variations: Simple Variation; Related to both partners.: A movement of a leg, arm, hand, or head which enhances, but does
not change the basic position of the main body core.
A simple variation does not increase the Level.
Definition of spin
variations: Entrance from
backward outside or
inside edge; Related to both partners.: The skaters should skate both backward outside or both backward
inside right before they begin rotating and enter the spin without
assistance of free leg. There are no three turns or any other turns
before skaters start the actual spin. The entrance from backward
outside/inside edge requires the first two revolutions of each partner
to be done on backward outside edge or the first two revolutions of
each partner to be done on backward inside edge. Only such a
backward entrance is counted as a Level feature.


Difficult variation
Both partners in sit position free legs extended forward
Fly/Jump entrance
Difficult Entrance
Entrance from backward outside or inside edge
Difficult Exit
Woman lifted during the pair spin
Spinning in both directions
At least 6 revolutions
A movement of a leg, arm, hand, or head which requires more physical strength or flexibility and that has an effect on the balance of the main body core. Only these variations can increase the Level.
This position is considered as a difficult variation only when the knees of the skating feet are in a very deep bent position with free legs fully extended.
Fly/Jump into spin can be executed by one or both partners. One partner can execute fly/jump and other partner can enter the spin in any position doesn’t need to be difficult.
Entrance into a spin is defined as the preparation immediately preceding a spin and may include the beginning phase of a spin. The entrance must have a significant impact on the balance, control and execution of the spin. Must be executed by both partners.
The skaters should skate both backward outside or both backward inside right before they begin rotating and enter the spin without assistance of free leg. There are no three turns or any other turns before skaters start the actual spin. The entrance from backward outside/inside edge requires the first two revolutions of each partner to be done on backward outside edge or the first two revolutions of each partner to be done on backward inside edge. Only such a backward entrance is counted as a Level feature.
Exiting in a lift or spinning movement, an innovative move that makes the exit significantly more difficult. The exit must have significant impact on the balance, control, and execution of the spin.
The Woman is allowed to be lifted from the ice during the spin and the man must be on one foot for two revolutions. The revolutions executed while the Woman is being lifted count in the total number of revolutions. The basic position of the Woman while lifted counts as a basic position if held for 2 revolutions in a fixed position, also if the woman is in a difficult position the lift, it will be counted as a difficult variation. The definition of an upright position is based on the position of the torso and not the legs. When the woman’s position is parallel to the ice it's considered a non-basic position. When held for 6 revolutions this feature can also be awarded. If executing both lifting of the woman and difficult exit, the woman must be set down using the blade before the difficult exit.
Execution of spins in both directions (clockwise and counter clockwise) that immediately follow each other will be rewarded by counting this as an additional feature in all Levels. A minimum of 3 revolutions in each direction is required. A Spin executed in both directions (clockwise and counter clockwise) as above is considered as one Spin.
This feature can be granted only when there are at least 6 revolutions (executed simultaneously by both partners) without any changes in camel, sit or difficult upright position or its variation.
Таблица 29 (страницы 15, 16, 17):
Spinning in both
directions: Spin combination
with only two basic
positions; Execution of spins in both directions (clockwise and counter
clockwise) that immediately follow each other will be rewarded by
counting this as an additional feature in all Levels. A minimum of 3
revolutions in each direction is required. A Spin executed in both
directions (clockwise and counter clockwise) as above is considered as
one Spin.: A spin combination which includes only two basic positions by one or
both partners with not less than 2 revolutions will have a lower base
value in comparison with a spin combination with all three basic
positions by both partners with not less than 2 revolutions. These base
values are indicated in the SOV. This will be indicated by the technical
panel using “V”.
Spinning in both
directions: Free Skating; Execution of spins in both directions (clockwise and counter
clockwise) that immediately follow each other will be rewarded by
counting this as an additional feature in all Levels. A minimum of 3
revolutions in each direction is required. A Spin executed in both
directions (clockwise and counter clockwise) as above is considered as
one Spin.: A well-balanced Free Skating program for Seniors & Juniors must contain
- maximum of 1 Solo Jump and
- maximum of 1 Jump Combination or Sequence.
All jumps executed with more than 2 revolutions (double Axel and all triple and
quadruple jumps) must be of different nature (different name), however the
jump combination or sequence can include two same such jumps.


Short stop
The rotation must be continuous, and no stop is permitted except a short stop when changing direction together with the change of foot. If there is a stop with the toe or blade, that will be the end of the spin.
Spin combination with only two basic positions
A spin combination which includes only two basic positions by one or both partners with not less than 2 revolutions will have a lower base value in comparison with a spin combination with all three basic positions by both partners with not less than 2 revolutions. These base values are indicated in the SOV. This will be indicated by the technical panel using “V”.
CAMEL
UPRIGHT UPRIGHT UPRIGHT


Short Program
Free Skating
Short Program
Jump Combination
Free Skating
Jump Sequence Free Skating
Calling quarter, under-rotated and downgraded jumps
Jump Elements
Rules
Short Program for the season 2025-2026 must include one solo jump: - any double or triple for Seniors; - Double Axel or Double Loop for Juniors.
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Seniors & Juniors must contain - maximum of 1 Solo Jump and - maximum of 1 Jump Combination or Sequence. All jumps executed with more than 2 revolutions (double Axel and all triple and quadruple jumps) must be of different nature (different name), however the jump combination or sequence can include two same such jumps.
Jumps that do not satisfy the requirements (including wrong number of revolutions) will have no value, but will block a jumping box, if one is empty.
In a jump combination the landing foot of a jump is the take-off foot of the next jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but no weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump combination. However (Euler) (landing backwards) when used in between two listed jumps in a combination is considered as a listed jump. When executed separately Euler stays as unlisted jump. 1Eu can only be downgraded by the technical panel. The judges will reflect 1Eu if there is a step over, no clear jump as a GOE reduction. If in the opinion of the TP the intended Waltz jump (Axel) is used only as the preparation to the next jump, this Waltz jump will not be called. The TP has the authority not to call a single jump which is more similar to a hop than a jump that is a result of a bad landing of the previous jump. The Judges will reflect the mistake in the GOE.
A jump sequence consists of two or three jumps of any number of revolutions, in which the second and/or the third jump is an Axel type jump with a direct step from the landing curve of the first/second jump in to the take-off curve of the Axel jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but without weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump sequence. Jumps executed in a jump sequence receive their full value.
Clarifications
The TP must call the attempted jump even if it is clear that it is landed on the quarter, under-rotated or downgraded. All these jumps will count as the intended jump in the application of the Well-Balanced Program regulations. The quarter/half mark of landing are the border lines to identify cheated jumps. The camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a cheated jump particularly when the jump is at the opposite end of the rink than the camera. In all doubtful cases the Technical Panel should act to the benefit of the skater.
Таблица 32 (страницы 17, 18):
Calling quarter,
under-rotated
and downgraded
jumps: Under-rotated
jumps; The TP must call the attempted jump even if it is clear that it is landed on the
quarter, under-rotated or downgraded. All these jumps will count as the
intended jump in the application of the Well-Balanced Program regulations.
The quarter/half mark of landing are the border lines to identify cheated jumps.
The camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a cheated
jump particularly when the jump is at the opposite end of the rink than the
camera.
In all doubtful cases the Technical Panel should act to the benefit of the skater.: A jump will be considered as “Under-rotated” if it has missing rotation of more
than a ¼, but less than ½ revolution.
An under-rotated jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges
and in the protocols with a “<” symbol after the element code.  Jumps identified
as under-rotated will receive reduced base values which are listed in the SOV
chart.


Landed on the quarter
Under-rotated jumps
Downgraded jumps
Over-rotated jumps
Cheated take off
Taking off from wrong edge (Flip/Lutz)
Under-rotated jumps taken off from wrong edge (Flip/Lutz)
Popped listed jumps
Non-listed jumps
A jump will be considered as “quarter” if it is missing rotation of a ¼. This jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “q” symbol after the element code.
A jump will be considered as “Under-rotated” if it has missing rotation of more than a ¼, but less than ½ revolution. An under-rotated jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “<” symbol after the element code. Jumps identified as under-rotated will receive reduced base values which are listed in the SOV chart.
A jump will be considered as “Downgraded” if it has “missing rotation of ½ revolutions or more”. A downgraded jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element code. A jump identified as downgraded will be evaluated using the scale of values (SOV chart) for the element of one rotation less (i.e. a downgraded triple will be evaluated with the scale of values for the corresponding double).
If a jump is over-rotated more than a quarter revolution, it is called as a jump with the higher revolution. For example, 2T with more than a quarter revolution will be called as 3T downgraded (<<) by the technical panel.
A clear forward (backward for Axel type jump) take off will be considered as a downgraded jump. The toe loop is the most commonly cheated on take-off jump. The Technical Panel may only watch the replay in regular speed to determine the cheat and downgrade on the take-off (more often in combinations or sequences).
Flip take-off is from a backward inside edge, Lutz take-off is from a backward outside edge. If the take-off edge is not clean correct, the TP indicates the error to the Judges using the signs “e” (edge) and “!” (attention). The TP may watch the replay in slow motion. The TP uses the sign “e” if the take-off edge is definitely wrong. The Base values of the jumps with the sign “e” are listed in the SOV chart. The TP uses the sign “!” if the take-off edge is not clear. In this case the Base value is not reduced. Both mistakes are reflected in the GOE of the Judges.
If both signs “e” and “<” are applied for the same jump, the Base value is indicated in the SOV chart.
The attempt will count as one jump element. However, a small hop or jump with up to one-half revolution performed as a kind of “decoration” is not to be considered as a jump and will be marked within the component Composition.
Jumps that are not listed in the SOV (e.g. walley, split jump, Inside Axel with any number of revolutions taking off from the forward inside edge etc.) will not count as a jump element, but might be used as a special entrance to the jump to be considered in the mark for Composition. A Toe Walley, however, will be called and count as a Toe loop.
Таблица 36 (страницы 18, 19):
Non-listed jumps: Attempted Jump; Jumps that are not listed in the SOV (e.g. walley, split jump, Inside Axel with any
number of revolutions taking off from the forward inside edge etc.) will not
count as a jump element, but might be used as a special entrance to the jump
to be considered in the mark for Composition.
A Toe Walley, however, will be called and count as a Toe loop.: What is an attempt? In principle, a clear preparation for a take-off for a jump,
stepping to the entry edge or placing the toe pick into the ice and leaving the
ice with or without a turn is considered an attempt of a jump, receives no value
and blocks a box.
In some cases, which need to be decided by the Technical Panel, the
preparation for the take off without leaving the ice might be also called an
attempt, e.g. a loop-jump take off when the skater falls before leaving the ice, or
a skater steps onto the forward take off edge of an Axel and pulls back the free
leg and arms, starts the forward movement to jump into the air with the free
leg and arms passing through forward, but at the last moment does not leave
the ice, etc.


Attempted Jump What is an attempt? In principle, a clear preparation for a take-off for a jump, stepping to the entry edge or placing the toe pick into the ice and leaving the ice with or without a turn is considered an attempt of a jump, receives no value and blocks a box. In some cases, which need to be decided by the Technical Panel, the preparation for the take off without leaving the ice might be also called an attempt, e.g. a loop-jump take off when the skater falls before leaving the ice, or a skater steps onto the forward take off edge of an Axel and pulls back the free leg and arms, starts the forward movement to jump into the air with the free leg and arms passing through forward, but at the last moment does not leave the ice, etc.
Unequal number of revolutions
In case of unequal number of revolutions of partners in a jump performed as a solo jump or part of a combo or a sequence, this jump will be called as a jump with lesser amount of revolutions executed by the partners. The Judges will reflect the mistake in their GOE.
Different Jumps performed
If the partners definitely perform different types of jumps, the result is no Value. The name of the jump will be “jump with a lesser value” without any signs. Only this jump will be blocked from repetition. Example: 3T by one partner, 3S by the other partner will result in 3T*.
Spin and jump back to back
If skaters perform a spin, immediately followed by a jump or vice versa, the two elements are called separately with credit given to difficult take off/entry (GOE). A listed jump that is called and executed immediately after a spin is not considered as difficult exit of a spin.
Short Program Element other than required
If a Junior Pair performs a different solo jump than required, the element will receive no value, but will block the jumping box.
Free Skating Repeated jump
A repeated jump with more than 2 revolutions of the same name and number of revolutions will occupy a jumping box but will be given no value. However, within the jump combination or jump sequence the two jumps may be the same. If any jump of a combination/sequence is not according to the requirements, only the jump not according with the requirements will be deleted and not the entire combination/sequence. Jumps are considered in the order of their execution.
Second jump combination/ sequence
If a second jump combination/sequence is executed, only the jump not according with the requirements will be deleted and not the entire combination.
Two solo jumps
If both partners execute two (2) solo jumps during the program, the second jump will be marked with the sign “+REP” and will receive 70% Base Value with result rounded to two decimal places.
Таблица 37 (страницы 19, 20):
Repeated jump: Touch down with
free foot without
weight transfer; A repeated jump with more than 2 revolutions of the same name and number
of revolutions will occupy a jumping box but will be given no value. However,
within the jump combination or jump sequence the two jumps may be the
same.
If any jump of a combination/sequence is not according to the requirements,
only the jump not according with the requirements will be deleted and not the
entire combination/sequence. Jumps are considered in the order of their
execution.: The element remains a Jump Combination or Sequence even when there are 2
three turns (or no three turns) between the jumps with a slight touch down
(without weight transfer by both partners). In case of more than 1 full
revolution on the ice the call will be the jumps performed prior to this
revolution + combo/sequence.


Touch down with free foot without weight transfer
Fall/Touch down with free foot with weight transfer Combination
Fall/Touch down with free foot with weight transfer Sequence
Jump Combination: first/second jump is a “non-listed” jump
One partner with combo, the other one with sequence
The element remains a Jump Combination or Sequence even when there are 2 three turns (or no three turns) between the jumps with a slight touch down (without weight transfer by both partners). In case of more than 1 full revolution on the ice the call will be the jumps performed prior to this revolution + combo/sequence.
If one skater falls/steps out and the other executes a Jump Combination, the call will be “Executed Jump/s + Combo”.
If one skater falls/steps out of the first jump and/or second jump, but the other skater executes a jump sequence with an Axel type jump. 1) Woman:2F+2T+1A – Man:2F+2T(Step-out) +1A –Call is:2F+2T+SEQ+A* 2) Woman:3T+1A+2T – Man:3T (Fall/Step-out) –Call is:3T+Seq+A* 3） Woman:3T+1A+2A – Man:3T+1A (Fall/ Step-out) –Call is:3T+1A+SEQ
If the first/second jump by one or both partners of a two-jump combination fails to succeed and turns out into a “non-listed jump”, but the other jump is a listed jump, the unit will be considered as a jump combo with only the listed jump receiving value.
If one partner performs a jump combination, but the other partner a jump sequence, the jump sequence will be called.
Таблица 39 (страницы 20, 21):
Jump
Combination:
first/second jump
is a “non-listed”
jump: Calling quarter,
under-rotated
and downgraded
jumps; If the first/second jump by one or both partners of a two-jump combination
fails to succeed and turns out into a “non-listed jump”, but the other jump is a
listed jump, the unit will be considered as a jump combo with only the listed
jump receiving value.: The TP must call the attempted jump even if it is clear that it is landed
on the quarter, under-rotated or downgraded. All these jumps will count
as the intended jump in the application of the Well Balanced Program
regulations.
The quarter/half mark of landing are the border lines to identify cheated
jumps.
The camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a
cheated jump particularly when the jump is at the opposite end of the
rink than the camera.
In all doubtful cases the Technical Panel should act to the benefit of the
skater.


General
Short Program
Short Program
Free Skating
Calling quarter, under-rotated and downgraded jumps
Landed on the quarter
Under-rotated throw jumps
Downgraded throw jumps
Throw Jumps Rules
Throw jumps are partner assisted jumps in which the Woman is thrown into the air by the Man on the take-off and lands without assistance from her partner on a backward outside edge.
Short Program for the season 2025-2026 must include one throw jump: - Any double or triple for Seniors - Double or triple Toe Loop or Flip/Lutz for Juniors
Throw jumps which do not satisfy the requirements (including wrong number of revolutions) will receive No value and will block the corresponding box if one is empty.
A well balanced Free Skating program must contain maximum of 2 different Throw Jumps (different name and/or different number of revolutions).
Clarifications
The TP must call the attempted jump even if it is clear that it is landed on the quarter, under-rotated or downgraded. All these jumps will count as the intended jump in the application of the Well Balanced Program regulations. The quarter/half mark of landing are the border lines to identify cheated jumps. The camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a cheated jump particularly when the jump is at the opposite end of the rink than the camera. In all doubtful cases the Technical Panel should act to the benefit of the skater.
A jump will be considered as “quarter” if it is missing rotation of a ¼. This jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “q” symbol after the element code.
A throw jump will be considered as “Under-rotated” if it has missing rotation of more than a ¼ revolution, but less than ½ revolution. An under-rotated throw jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “<” symbol after the element code. Throw Jumps identified as under-rotated will receive reduced base values which are listed in the SOV chart.
A throw jump will be considered as “Downgraded” if it has “missing rotation of ½ revolutions or more. A downgraded throw jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element code. A throw jump identified as downgraded will be evaluated using the scale of values (SOV chart) for the element of one rotation less (i.e., a downgraded triple will be evaluated with the scale of values for the corresponding double).
Таблица 41 (страницы 21, 22, 23):
owngraded
throw jumps: Flip/Lutz Throw
Jumps; A throw jump will be considered as “Downgraded” if it has “missing
rotation of ½ revolutions or more.
A downgraded throw jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to
the Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element
code.
A throw jump identified as downgraded will be evaluated using the
scale of values (SOV chart) for the element of one rotation less (i.e., a
downgraded triple will be evaluated with the scale of values for the
corresponding double).: These two throw jumps are considered as the same for the purpose of a
Well- Balanced Free Skating program; these throws have the same Base
value and the same GOE additions and reductions.  If these two throws
with the same number of revolutions are performed in a FS program,
the second one will have no value.
owngraded
throw jumps: General; A throw jump will be considered as “Downgraded” if it has “missing
rotation of ½ revolutions or more.
A downgraded throw jump will be indicated by the Technical Panel to
the Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element
code.
A throw jump identified as downgraded will be evaluated using the
scale of values (SOV chart) for the element of one rotation less (i.e., a
downgraded triple will be evaluated with the scale of values for the
corresponding double).: G
Pair lifts are classified as follows:
Group One
-      Armpit Hold position (See below variations of hold positions
allowed)
Group Two
-      Waist Hold position
roup One and Group Two lifts without full arm extension can be
done by Junior and Senior teams as part of their choreography.
These lifts will not be called.
roup Three
-      Hand to Hip or upper part of the leg including
buttocks      (above the knee) position
Group Four
-      Hand to Hand position (Press Lift type)
Group Five
-      Hand to Hand position (Lasso Lift type)
In any Group one hand hold may increase the difficulty of the lift.
n Groups 3–5 full extension of the lifting arm(s) is mandatory.
inimum of one (1) revolution of the Man.
Partners may give each other assistance only through hand-to-
hand, hand-to-arm, hand-to-body and hand to upper part of the leg
(above the knee) grips.
Changes of hold or of the Woman’s position during the lift are
permitted.


Over-rotated throw jumps
Repetition (Free Skating)
Flip/Lutz Throw Jumps
If a throw jump is over-rotated more than a quarter revolution, it is called as a jump with the higher revolution. For example, 2TTh with more than a quarter revolution will be called as 3TTh downgraded (<<) by the technical panel.
A repeated throw jump of the same number of revolutions and name (Junior or Senior), will occupy a throw box, but will be given no value, no GOE.
These two throw jumps are considered as the same for the purpose of a Well- Balanced Free Skating program; these throws have the same Base value and the same GOE additions and reductions. If these two throws with the same number of revolutions are performed in a FS program, the second one will have no value.


General
Short Program
Free Skating
Lifts
Rules
Pair lifts are classified as follows: Group One allowed) Group Two
Armpit Hold position (See below variations of hold positions
Waist Hold position
Group One and Group Two lifts without full arm extension can be done by Junior and Senior teams as part of their choreography. These lifts will not be called.
Group Three - Hand to Hip or upper part of the leg including buttocks (above the knee) position Group Four Group Five In any Group one hand hold may increase the difficulty of the lift.
Hand to Hand position (Press Lift type) - Hand to Hand position (Lasso Lift type)
In Groups 3–5 full extension of the lifting arm(s) is mandatory.
Minimum of one (1) revolution of the Man. Partners may give each other assistance only through hand-to- hand, hand-to-arm, hand-to-body and hand to upper part of the leg (above the knee) grips. Changes of hold or of the Woman’s position during the lift are permitted.
The Short Program of the season 2025-2026 must include: - Any Lasso lift take-off (Group Five for Juniors and Seniors. Only the prescribed overhead lift take-off is permitted. The Lift in the Short Program can include a carry. If a carry is included it will not receive a level feature.
A well-balanced Free Skating program contains: - maximum number of lifts allowed in the Senior Free Skating is 3, not all from the same Group. Must have different abbreviation. - maximum number of lifts allowed in the Junior Free Skating is 2, not all from the same Group.
All Lifts must have different abbreviations, if two (2) Group 5 Lifts are executed, the take-offs have to be of a different nature (abbreviation). If the take-off is not different, the second executed lift with the same abbreviation will not be marked but will block a Lift box. Carry Lifts: Lifts that are just "Carries" consist of the simple carrying of a partner without rotation, only half a revolution of the Man is allowed on the take-off and/or exit. All holds in “Carry” lifts are unrestricted. The carrying of one partner by the other on the back, shoulders or knees is allowed in these lifts. Carry lifts shall not be counted in the number of overhead lifts. These lifts will be considered in the component "Composition”. They do not have a value and are not limited in number.
Таблица 43 (страницы 23, 24):
Free Skating: Basic holds, positions; A
A well-balanced Free Skating program contains:
- maximum number of lifts allowed in the Senior Free Skating is 3,
not all from  the same Group. Must have different abbreviation.
- maximum number of lifts allowed in the Junior Free Skating is 2,
not all from the same Group.
ll Lifts must have different abbreviations, if two (2) Group 5 Lifts are
executed, the take-offs have to be of a different nature
(abbreviation). If the take-off is not different, the second executed
lift with the same abbreviation will not be marked but will block a
Lift box.
Carry Lifts:
Lifts that are just "Carries" consist of the simple carrying of a
partner without rotation, only half a revolution of the Man is
allowed on the take-off and/or exit. All holds in “Carry” lifts are
unrestricted. The carrying of one partner by the other on the
back, shoulders or knees is allowed in these lifts. Carry lifts shall
not be counted in the number of overhead lifts.  These lifts will
be considered in the component "Composition”. They do not
have a value and are not limited in number.: Holds – Hand-to-Armpit, Hand-to-Waist, Hand-to-Hip or upper part
of the leg including buttocks (higher than the knee), Hand-to-
Hand/Arm.
Positions – Upright (Woman’s upper body vertical), Star (Woman’s
position sideways with upper body parallel to the ice) and Platter
(Woman’s position flat, facing up or down with upper body parallel
to the ice).
If in a Lift the Woman’s position is changed from Upright (head up)
to Upright (head down) or from Platter to Platter, Star to Star with
half a rotation of the Woman in any direction this also is considered
as a change of position.


Level features
1) Senior: Difficult variation of the take-off and difficult landing variety Junior: A difficult variation of take-off or difficult landing variety.
2) 1 change of hold and/or Woman’s position (1 rev. of the man before and after the change, counts twice if repeated)
3) Difficult variation of the Woman (one full revolution) awarded once per lift 4) Difficult carry feature (only for Senior Free Skating) 5) Seniors: Difficult one-hand-hold of the man (2 full revolutions in total not counting parts shorter than 1 rev.) Juniors: one-hand-hold of the man (2 full revolutions in total not counting parts shorter than 1 rev.)
6) Additional revolutions of the man with one-hand-hold after 2 revolutions in 5) (only in FS and only in one lift)
7) Change of rotational direction by the man (one revolution before and after the change, counts only once per program)
Features 1), 2), 3) and 5) must be significantly different from lift to lift and if similar, will only count first time attempted. All the features can be counted only if executed in the first 4.0 revs.
Clarifications
Basic holds, positions
Holds – Hand-to-Armpit, Hand-to-Waist, Hand-to-Hip or upper part of the leg including buttocks (higher than the knee), Hand-to- Hand/Arm. Positions – Upright (Woman’s upper body vertical), Star (Woman’s position sideways with upper body parallel to the ice) and Platter (Woman’s position flat, facing up or down with upper body parallel to the ice). If in a Lift the Woman’s position is changed from Upright (head up) to Upright (head down) or from Platter to Platter, Star to Star with half a rotation of the Woman in any direction this also is considered as a change of position.
Take off
Simple – Includes but not limited to change of hand hold on ascent of lift; (Novice) Difficult – Includes but is not limited to: somersault take off, dance lift going immediately into a Pair Lift take off without the Woman touching the ice between the two lifts, one hand take off, spread- eagle, Ina-Bauer, spirals by one or both partners as the entry curve. If in the 5RLi both partners take-off forward this is considered as difficult variation. Must be executed before full extension of the arms.
Landing
Simple – Change of hold on descent; landing on the other foot is not automatically considered as a simple landing variety. (Novice) Difficult – Variation of the difficult landing which includes, but is not limited to: somersaults, variation in holds, partner positions and/or direction of landing, one hand landing, spread-eagle position of the man during dismounting; this position of the Man is counted as a difficult variation of landing only if the spread eagle is long enough: from the moment the Man starts bending his arms till the moment the Woman is placed on the ice.
Таблица 45 (страницы 24, 25):
Landing: One hand hold in the
dismount; Simple – Change of hold on descent; landing on the other foot is not
automatically considered as a simple landing variety. (Novice)
Difficult – Variation of the difficult landing which includes, but is not
limited  to:  somersaults,  variation  in  holds,  partner  positions  and/or
direction of landing, one hand landing, spread-eagle position of the
man  during  dismounting;  this  position  of  the  Man  is  counted  as  a
difficult variation of landing only if the spread eagle is long enough:
from the moment the Man starts bending his arms till the moment
the Woman is placed on the ice.: One hand hold counts as a Level feature only when the Man uses
one hand, the Woman uses either one hand or no hands and she is
not touching the partner with any part of the upper body.
This hold can be counted as “a difficult landing variety” only once
per program.


Take-off and landing
One hand hold in the dismount
Carry feature
Break in rotation longer than 3 sec.
Changes interrupted by carry
Identifying the lift Group
Group 1 Lift
Group 2 Lift
Group 3 Lifts
Group 4 Lift
Group 5 (Lasso) Lifts
A Senior Pair Difficult variation of take-off and landing A Junior Pair difficult variation of take-off or difficult landing variety. This feature can be awarded in several lifts only if its execution is significantly different from lift to lift.
One hand hold counts as a Level feature only when the Man uses one hand, the Woman uses either one hand or no hands and she is not touching the partner with any part of the upper body. This hold can be counted as “a difficult landing variety” only once per program.
Difficult – includes at least one of the following features: during the carry the Man for at least 3 seconds - skates on one foot; - holds the partner on one arm; - performs crossovers; - performs spread eagles or a similar move. Allowed in both programs, but in SP does not count as a Feature. Counts in FS for Senior only the first time executed. No carry is considered as a feature for Junior.
Any break in the continuous rotation longer than 3 sec. will be considered as a carry attempt.
If a “change of hold/Woman’s position/rotational direction” is interrupted by a carry, the corresponding level feature will not be awarded.
Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group 2 as full arm extension isn’t required.
Lift where Woman’s head remains up and she is lower than the man’s shoulder. Possible grips are Hand to Armpit, Hand to Arm, Hand to Waist or Hand to Hand. A Group 2 Lift is any Lift with Waist hold position. A waist hold with simple type take off with the Woman vertical her head up facing either direction with no other variations will result in a group 2 lift. Any other position of the Woman with the waist take off hold will result in a group 3 lift. A Group 3 Lift is any Lift with Hand to Hip or upper part of the leg including buttocks (above the knee) hold position.
A Group 4 Lift is any Lift with Hand to Hand or Hand to Arm hold position in which the Woman does not rotate around the Man/in relation to the Man during the lifting process, she can only rotate together with the Man. In a Lasso, or Group 5 Lift, the Woman rotates around the man/in relation to the man during the lifting process between the take-off and the fully extended position. This rotation must be visible by way of shoulders and or hips. During the lifting process one of the man’s hands must remain clearly above his shoulders. If not, the group is identified as group 4 lift.
Таблица 47 (страницы 25, 26):
Identifying the lift
Group: Group 1 Lift; Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: Lift where Woman’s head remains up and she is lower than the
man’s shoulder. Possible grips are Hand to Armpit, Hand to Arm,
Hand to Waist or Hand to Hand.
Identifying the lift
Group: Group 2 Lift; Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: A Group 2 Lift is any Lift with Waist hold position.
A waist hold with simple type take off with the Woman vertical her
head up facing either direction with no other variations will result in
a group 2 lift. Any other position of the Woman with the waist take
off hold will result in a group 3 lift.
Identifying the lift
Group: Group 3 Lifts; Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: A Group 3 Lift is any Lift with Hand to Hip or upper part of the leg
including buttocks (above the knee) hold position.
Identifying the lift
Group: Group 4 Lift; Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: A Group 4 Lift is any Lift with Hand to Hand or Hand to Arm hold
position in which the Woman does not rotate around the Man/in
relation to the Man during the lifting process, she can only rotate
together with the Man.
Identifying the lift
Group: Group 5 (Lasso) Lifts; Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: In a Lasso, or Group 5 Lift, the Woman rotates around the man/in
relation to the man during the lifting process between the take-off
and the fully extended position.
This rotation must be visible by way of shoulders and or hips.
During the lifting process one of the man’s hands must remain
clearly above his shoulders.
If not, the group is identified as group 4 lift.
Groups are classified according to the take-off hold at the moment
the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder except in Group1 and Group
2 as full arm extension isn’t required.: The different Types of Group 5 Lifts can be identified by the take-
off of the Woman, the relative position of the partners at the
moment of take-off, and the hand grip.
Group 5 Toe Lift (5TLi)
At the moment of take-off, partners are face to face with man
skating forward and Woman backward. Man holds Woman's left
hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman
jumps from her toe.
Group 5 Step Lift (5SLi)
At the moment of take-off, partners are face to face with man
skating backward and Woman forward. Man holds Woman's left
hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman
jumps from a forward edge.
Group 5 Axel Lift (5ALi)
At the moment of take-off, Woman is at the man's side. Man, skates
forward or sometimes in a spread eagle. Man holds Woman's left
hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman
jumps from a forward edge.
Group 5 Backward Lift (5BLi)
At the moment of take-off both partners skate backwards. Woman’s
right hand is in the man’s right hand and her left hand is in his left
hand (same arm hold). The Woman takes off backward using the
blade or toe pick.
Group 5 Reverse Lift (5RLi)
At the moment of take-off both partners skate in the same direction,
either backward or forward with the hand hold being right to left
and left to right (opposite hand hold). The Woman takes off using
the blade or toe pick.
The take-off can also include a hold where the man’s arm (lifting
arm) is between the Woman’s legs.


Identifying the number of revolutions
Illegal Lift (illegal grip etc.)
Man starts bending the arm (s)
Identifying the Level features
The different Types of Group 5 Lifts can be identified by the take- off of the Woman, the relative position of the partners at the moment of take-off, and the hand grip. Group 5 Toe Lift (5TLi) At the moment of take-off, partners are face to face with man skating forward and Woman backward. Man holds Woman's left hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman jumps from her toe. Group 5 Step Lift (5SLi) At the moment of take-off, partners are face to face with man skating backward and Woman forward. Man holds Woman's left hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman jumps from a forward edge. Group 5 Axel Lift (5ALi) At the moment of take-off, Woman is at the man's side. Man, skates forward or sometimes in a spread eagle. Man holds Woman's left hand with his left and holds her right hand with his right. Woman jumps from a forward edge. Group 5 Backward Lift (5BLi) At the moment of take-off both partners skate backwards. Woman’s right hand is in the man’s right hand and her left hand is in his left hand (same arm hold). The Woman takes off backward using the blade or toe pick. Group 5 Reverse Lift (5RLi) At the moment of take-off both partners skate in the same direction, either backward or forward with the hand hold being right to left and left to right (opposite hand hold). The Woman takes off using the blade or toe pick. The take-off can also include a hold where the man’s arm (lifting arm) is between the Woman’s legs.
The revolutions of the Man are counted from the moment the Woman leaves the ice until the moment the Man’s arm(s) begin to bend after full extension and consequently the Woman begins to descend. If during the Woman’s take off the Man is in a spread-eagle or in some other position sideways, the rotation of the Man will be determined by the position of his front foot at the moment the Woman leaves the ice.
If the Pair executes an illegal grip, the Level cannot be higher than Base. The deduction for an illegal element will apply.
When the Man begins to bend the arm after full extension, the lift is concluded (excluding while changing hold/position). Any part of the lift, executed after the new extension will be ignored for the Level features and also for the number of revolutions of the Man.
Except features for take-off and landing, the lift Level features will be counted from the moment the Man’s arm(s) are fully extended till the moment he starts bending the arm(s).
Таблица 49 (страницы 26, 27):
Man starts bending the
arm (s): Change of hold; When the Man begins to bend the arm after full extension, the lift is
concluded (excluding while changing hold/position).
Any part of the lift, executed after the new extension will be ignored
for the Level features and also for the number of revolutions of the
Man.: Change of hold requires one full revolution before and after this
change. Change of hold means the Man’s hands change from one
lift group hold to another lift group hold. If the Man changes hold for
less than one (1) revolution, it is not considered as a “change of hold”.
However, change from right arm hold to left arm hold or vice-versa
with at least one (1) revolution in each of these holds is also
considered as a change of hold.
Going from a two-hand hold to a one hand hold or vice versa is not
counted in the number of hold changes.


Change of hold
Change of hold and of Woman’s position
Difficult variation of Woman’s position
Change of rotational direction by the Man
Wrong take-off (Short Program)
All lifts of Group 5 (Free Skating)
Definition of a “small lift”
Change of hold requires one full revolution before and after this change. Change of hold means the Man’s hands change from one lift group hold to another lift group hold. If the Man changes hold for less than one (1) revolution, it is not considered as a “change of hold”. However, change from right arm hold to left arm hold or vice-versa with at least one (1) revolution in each of these holds is also considered as a change of hold. Going from a two-hand hold to a one hand hold or vice versa is not counted in the number of hold changes.
If a change of hold and a change of Woman’s position are executed at the same time, only one Level feature will be awarded. The feature for “change of hold and/or Woman’s position” can be awarded in several lifts only if it’s execution is significantly different from lift to lift. There are various holds (hand-to-hand, hand-to-arm, hand-to body and hand to upper part of the leg (above the knee)) and Woman’s positions (Upright, Star and Platter. Rule 619 defines a change of hold/Woman’s position as going from one of these holds/positions to another hold/position. If the same two holds/ positions are executed more than once in the same order, these executions will be considered as similar. Any other types of changes are considered as “significantly different”, including repetition of two same holds/positions in a different order.
Only if the variation of the Woman significantly impacts the balance of the Woman in the lift or requires specific strength and/or flexibility, this variation will influence the Level. The feature “Difficult variation of the Woman” can be awarded in several lifts only if the variations are significantly different from lift to lift.
Requires one revolution before and after the change, counts only once per program (first time it’s attempted)
If the take-off is of a different nature then the required take-off, the lift will receive no Level and no value.
If in a Free Skating program for Seniors or Juniors all Lifts are from Group 5, the last performed lift will be deleted.
Any lift with a sustained/stabilized Woman’s position in which the man’s hands remain not higher than his shoulder line. This lift can be with or without rotation.
Таблица 51 (страницы 27, 28):
Difficult variation of
Woman’s position: One-hand-hold of the
Man
For Junior
For Senior; Only if the variation of the Woman significantly impacts the balance
of the Woman in the lift or requires specific strength and/or
flexibility, this variation will influence the Level.  The feature “Difficult
variation of the Woman” can be awarded in several lifts only if the
variations are significantly different from lift to lift.: T
Two rotations of the Man in total using one hand hold will count as a
Level feature. The third revolution with one hand hold will not count
as an additional Level feature in SP and will count as an additional
Level feature only in one lift (the first time it is performed) in FS.
Parts on one hand shorter than one revolution will not count.
his feature is awarded only if the Woman does not use her arms or
uses only one arm for support. It is not awarded if both arms of the
Woman are touching the Man.
eature 5) Difficult one hand hold of the man means:
any lift in which there is only one point of contact between the man
and  the  Woman  and  the  Woman  is  balancing  without  supporting
herself on the man;
lifts with more than one point of contact which require exceptional
balance and control. The majority of the Woman’s weight must clearly
be off the axis of the man’s body core. The second point of contact can
only be given if not used for support.


One-hand-hold of the Man
For Junior
For Senior
Two rotations of the Man in total using one hand hold will count as a Level feature. The third revolution with one hand hold will not count as an additional Level feature in SP and will count as an additional Level feature only in one lift (the first time it is performed) in FS. Parts on one hand shorter than one revolution will not count.
This feature is awarded only if the Woman does not use her arms or uses only one arm for support. It is not awarded if both arms of the Woman are touching the Man.
Feature 5) Difficult one hand hold of the man means: any lift in which there is only one point of contact between the man and the Woman and the Woman is balancing without supporting herself on the man;
lifts with more than one point of contact which require exceptional balance and control. The majority of the Woman’s weight must clearly be off the axis of the man’s body core. The second point of contact can only be given if not used for support.
Second point contact without support
Second point of contact using support


Twist Lift
Rules
General
The Woman must be caught in the air at the waist by the Man prior to landing and be assisted to a smooth landing on the ice on one foot. In the twist lift, a split position by the Woman, prior to rotating, is not mandatory, but will be one of the features that might increase the Level of this element.
Short Program
The Short Program must include one twist lift. A twist lift take-off is limited to a Lutz/Flip take-off by the Woman. The number of revolutions of the Woman rotating freely in the air is two (2) or three (3) for Seniors and Juniors.
Short Program
Twist lifts which do not satisfy the requirements (including wrong number of revolutions) will receive No value and will block the corresponding box if one is empty.
Free Skating
In Free Skating the take-off can be different from Lutz/Flip take-off by the Woman (toe loop, axel). The number of revolutions in the twist lift is not limited. For Seniors and Juniors, a Well-Balanced Free Skating program must contain 1 twist lift.
Level features
1) Woman’s split position (each leg at least 45° from the body axis and Woman’s legs are straight or almost straight)
2) Catching the Woman at the side of the waist without her hand(s)/arm(s)/any part of upper body touching the Man
3) Woman’s position in the air with arm(s) above the head (minimum one full revolution) 4) Difficult take-off: turns, steps, movements, small lifts immediately preceding the take-off, executed with continuous flow, or difficult exit: may be executed before the landing of the woman or immediately after it.
5) Man’s arms sideways, being straight or almost straight, reaching at least shoulder level after release of the Woman.
Clarifications
Cheating on landing
Twist Lifts with lacking intended rotation on the landing can be downgraded if they have “missing rotation of ½ revolutions or more”. A downgraded Twist Lift will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element code. The Technical Panel will identify any twist lift cheated by one half or more turn on the landing as the lift of the lower value. For example, if in a triple twist lift the Man is supporting the majority of the Woman’s weight when her upper body turns only 2.5 revolutions, this will be called as a triple attempt and downgraded to a double twist lift. The camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a cheated twist lift particularly when the twist lift is at the opposite end of the rink.
Таблица 55 (страницы 29, 30):
Cheating on
landing: Catching the
Woman without
her hand(s),
arm(s) or any part
of the upper body
touching the Man; Twist Lifts with lacking intended rotation on the landing can be
downgraded if they have “missing rotation of ½ revolutions or more”. A
downgraded Twist Lift will be indicated by the Technical Panel to the
Judges and in the protocols with a “<<” symbol after the element code.
The Technical Panel will identify any twist lift cheated by one half or
more turn on the landing as the lift of the lower value.  For example, if in
a triple twist lift the Man is supporting the majority of the Woman’s
weight when her upper body turns only 2.5 revolutions, this will be
called as a triple attempt and downgraded to a double twist lift. The
camera angle is important to consider when deciding upon a cheated
twist lift particularly when the twist lift is at the opposite end of the rink.: The feature is granted when:
a) both Man’s hands must be on the sides of the Woman’s waist
(catching the Woman by one or both hands on any other part of the
body is a different catching position the feature will not be given) and
b) the Woman is not touching the Man at any point of the landing
phase by any part of her arm(s) or upper body.
When the Woman collapses on the Man (the Woman’s body is
supported by the Man’s body prior to her blades touching the ice) or
even just touches the Man when landing, the Level feature will not be
granted even if she keeps her hand(s)/arm(s) off the Man.


Woman’s split position
Catching the Woman without her hand(s), arm(s) or any part of the upper body touching the Man
Man’s arms sideways, being straight or almost straight, reaching at least shoulder level after release of the Woman
Difficult take-off
Difficult exit
This feature is awarded only if each Woman’s leg, being straight or almost straight, is at least 45 degrees from her body axis.
The feature is granted when: a) both Man’s hands must be on the sides of the Woman’s waist (catching the Woman by one or both hands on any other part of the body is a different catching position the feature will not be given) and b) the Woman is not touching the Man at any point of the landing phase by any part of her arm(s) or upper body. When the Woman collapses on the Man (the Woman’s body is supported by the Man’s body prior to her blades touching the ice) or even just touches the Man when landing, the Level feature will not be granted even if she keeps her hand(s)/arm(s) off the Man.
After the Man releases the Woman, his arms must change position going to the side of his body at least as low as his shoulders before he catches the Woman in the air. The arms of the Man must be straight or almost straight. If the Woman is not caught in the air, the feature is not awarded. However, the feature will be awarded in case of any catch in the air (not necessarily at the waist).
The feature is awarded only when there is (are) steps, turns, movement(s), small lifts immediately preceding the take-off and executed with continuous flow); in case of a break, no feature will be granted. The difficult exit may be executed before the landing of the woman or immediately after it. Using small lifts, steps, turns, movement(s) immediately preceding or just after landing with continuous flow.
Таблица 57 (страницы 30, 31):
Difficult take-off
ifficult exit: P
General
Death Spiral
ivot Figure; The feature is awarded only when there is (are) steps, turns,
movement(s), small lifts immediately preceding the take-off and
executed with continuous flow); in case of a break, no feature will be
granted.
The difficult exit may be executed before the landing of the woman or
immediately after it.  Using small lifts, steps, turns, movement(s)
immediately preceding or just after landing with continuous flow.: T
In the final position while the Woman is performing the actual death
spiral, both the Man and the Woman must execute a minimum of
one (1) revolution with the knees of the Man clearly bent and in full
pivot position. For a possible higher Level, the Man should stay in a
low pivot position. The Woman simultaneously must skate on a clean
edge with her head close to the ice surface, however she must not
touch the ice with her head or assist herself with the free hand or any
part of the body. The Woman’s body weight is supported by the force
of the spiralling edge and the hold of the Man. The Man must be in a
centred position with a fully extended arm. Any kind of position is
counted as a feature if Skaters’ hold lasts for at least one continuous
revolution.
he man performs a pivot holding the Woman, who is following him
with hand-to-hand grip. The Woman can be in a spiral, spreadeagle
or have an extended leg position.


General Death Spiral
Pivot Figure
Short Program
Death Spiral Pivot Figure (Novice)
Rules
In the final position while the Woman is performing the actual death spiral, both the Man and the Woman must execute a minimum of one (1) revolution with the knees of the Man clearly bent and in full pivot position. For a possible higher Level, the Man should stay in a low pivot position. The Woman simultaneously must skate on a clean edge with her head close to the ice surface, however she must not touch the ice with her head or assist herself with the free hand or any part of the body. The Woman’s body weight is supported by the force of the spiralling edge and the hold of the Man. The Man must be in a centred position with a fully extended arm. Any kind of position is counted as a feature if Skaters’ hold lasts for at least one continuous revolution.
The man performs a pivot holding the Woman, who is following him with hand-to-hand grip. The Woman can be in a spiral, spreadeagle or have an extended leg position.
Types of Death Spirals: Death Spiral backward outside: Both partners are skating on a backward outside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same arm as his skating foot fully extended. The Woman is leaning backwards to the ice and her arm is fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position is allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an outside edge. Death Spiral forward inside: The Man is skating on a backward outside edge, and the Woman is skating on a forward inside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same arm fully extended as his skating foot. The Woman is leaning sideways to the ice and her arm is also fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position is allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an inside edge. Death Spiral backward inside: The same as for death spiral backward outside, but the Woman is leaning backwards or forwards to the ice and her arm is fully extended, and she circles around the Man on a firm backward inside edge.
Death Spiral forward outside: The same as for the death spiral forward inside, except that the Woman circles around the Man on a firm forward outside edge.
For both Seniors & Juniors Short Program for the season 2025-2026 must include Backward Inside Death Spiral.
Таблица 58 (страницы 31, 32):
Short Program: Positions; Types of Death Spirals:
Death Spiral backward outside:
Both partners are skating on a backward outside edge. The Man
performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same
arm as his skating foot fully extended. The Woman is leaning
backwards to the ice and her arm is fully extended as she circles
around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position is
allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the
Woman circles around him on an outside edge.
Death Spiral forward inside:
The Man is skating on a backward outside edge, and the Woman is
skating on a forward inside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds
the hand of the Woman with the same arm fully extended as his
skating foot. The Woman is leaning sideways to the ice and her arm is
also fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any
variation of the Man’s position is allowed as long as he keeps the
pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an
inside edge.
Death Spiral backward inside:
The same as for death spiral backward outside, but the Woman is
leaning backwards or forwards to the ice and her arm is fully
extended, and she circles around the Man on a firm backward inside
edge.
Death Spiral forward outside:
The same as for the death spiral forward inside, except that the
Woman circles around the Man on a firm forward outside edge.
For both Seniors & Juniors Short Program for the season 2025-2026
must include Backward Inside Death Spiral.: Woman’s “low position”:
- for inside Death Spirals the lowest hip or buttock and head should
not be higher than her skating knee.
- for outside Death Spirals head should not be higher than her skating
knee.
Man’s “low  pivot position”: buttocks not higher than  the knee of his
anchored foot.
The Level of a death spiral without one full revolution in the described
Man’s and Woman’s simultaneous position cannot be more than 1.
Short Program: Number of
revolutions in “low”
positions; Types of Death Spirals:
Death Spiral backward outside:
Both partners are skating on a backward outside edge. The Man
performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same
arm as his skating foot fully extended. The Woman is leaning
backwards to the ice and her arm is fully extended as she circles
around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position is
allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the
Woman circles around him on an outside edge.
Death Spiral forward inside:
The Man is skating on a backward outside edge, and the Woman is
skating on a forward inside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds
the hand of the Woman with the same arm fully extended as his
skating foot. The Woman is leaning sideways to the ice and her arm is
also fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any
variation of the Man’s position is allowed as long as he keeps the
pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an
inside edge.
Death Spiral backward inside:
The same as for death spiral backward outside, but the Woman is
leaning backwards or forwards to the ice and her arm is fully
extended, and she circles around the Man on a firm backward inside
edge.
Death Spiral forward outside:
The same as for the death spiral forward inside, except that the
Woman circles around the Man on a firm forward outside edge.
For both Seniors & Juniors Short Program for the season 2025-2026
must include Backward Inside Death Spiral.: Any part of the Death Spiral with a higher Woman’s or Man’s position
than described above is not valid for Level features 2). The counting
starts only when the Woman and the Man are in the actual low death
spiral position.


Free Skating
For both Seniors & Juniors a Well-Balanced Free Skating program must contain 1 Death Spiral. In Seniors this death spiral must be a different type from the Short Program. Variations of arm holds are possible.
Level features
1) Difficult entry (immediately preceding the death spiral) or difficult exit 2) Full revolution(s) of the Woman when both partners are in “low” positions (counts as many times as performed)
Clarifications
Positions
Number of revolutions in “low” positions
Woman’s “low position”: - for inside Death Spirals the lowest hip or buttock and head should not be higher than her skating knee. - for outside Death Spirals head should not be higher than her skating knee. Man’s “low pivot position”: buttocks not higher than the knee of his anchored foot. The Level of a death spiral without one full revolution in the described Man’s and Woman’s simultaneous position cannot be more than 1. Any part of the Death Spiral with a higher Woman’s or Man’s position than described above is not valid for Level features 2). The counting starts only when the Woman and the Man are in the actual low death spiral position.
Loss of “low” position (s)
In order to get features 2), the “low” position of both partners has to be continuous. If the “low” position is lost, features 2) can be counted only if performed prior to the loss.
Woman not in the prescribed position
If Woman’s head (for all death spirals) and/or lowest hip (for inside death spirals) is (are) higher than skating leg knee, the Level cannot be higher than 1. If during the Death Spiral the lowest part of the Woman’s head never reaches the level of her skating knee, the Death Spiral will have no value.
Execution of a different death spiral (Short Program)
In Short Program the death spiral is prescribed. If the Woman performs a different edge or direction, no Level and value will be given, but the box will be blocked.
Woman skates on boot
If the Woman loses the edge and goes to the boot or knee, this is considered as the conclusion of the death spiral and no other features will be considered. The TP must decide if this is a fall.
No pivot position or Man’s knee not bent, or his arm not fully extended
If the Man does not reach the pivot position at all or does not stay in this position for one revolution, or if the knee of his leg with toe pick in the ice is not clearly bent for one revolution, or if his holding arm is not fully extended for one revolution, there will be no Level called and the death spiral will have no value.
Таблица 60 (страницы 32, 33):
No pivot position or
Man’s knee not
bent, or his arm not
fully extended: Change of pivot
position; If the Man does not reach the pivot position at all or does not stay in
this position for one revolution, or if the knee of his leg with toe pick in
the ice is not clearly bent for one revolution, or if his holding arm is not
fully extended for one revolution, there will be no Level called and the
death spiral will have no value.: In Short Program only the traditional pivot position of the Man is
allowed in which he skates on a backward outside edge, holding the
hand of the Woman with fully extended arm with both knees clearly
bent and in full pivot position. No variation of this pivot position is
allowed.  If there is a variation element will receive no value.
In Free Skating both backward and forward pivot of the Man are
allowed. Any death spiral will be considered as ended, once the Man
changes the pivot position. Consequently, only that part, in which the
Man is in the correct pivot position, will be taken to determine the
Level.


Man doesn’t reach or hold low pivot position
Change of pivot position
Opposite handhold (entry of death spiral)
Change of arm hold
Whose revolutions are counted?
When does the death spiral start?
When does the exit start and end?
When do the death spiral revolutions start and end?
Difficult Entry, Exit
If the Man is not doing one full revolution in prescribed low pivot position, the Level cannot be higher than 1.
In Short Program only the traditional pivot position of the Man is allowed in which he skates on a backward outside edge, holding the hand of the Woman with fully extended arm with both knees clearly bent and in full pivot position. No variation of this pivot position is allowed. If there is a variation element will receive no value. In Free Skating both backward and forward pivot of the Man are allowed. Any death spiral will be considered as ended, once the Man changes the pivot position. Consequently, only that part, in which the Man is in the correct pivot position, will be taken to determine the Level.
The opposite handhold of the Man is not allowed in the Short Program, is allowed in Free Skating, but is not considered as a Level feature. Opposite handhold of the Woman is allowed both in Short Program and in Free Skating but is not considered as a Level feature.
In both SP and FS change(s) of arm hold of the Man and/or Woman is allowed at any moment but is no longer a Level feature.
For features 2) only the Woman’s revolutions are counted. It is possible that the Man does less full revolutions in the low position than the Woman if the Woman passes behind the Man during the death spiral. This would require changes of hold.
Entry commences at the beginning of the entry curve when one partner is on one foot on the edge of the death spiral and the other partner is also on one foot or in a position such as spread eagle, shoot the duck etc.
The exit from the death spiral starts when the Man starts bending his “holding” arm in the elbow and ends when the Woman comes to the vertical position.
They begin when the Man’s toe for the pivot is stationary (anchored) on the ice. They end when either the Man’s pivot ends or when the Woman begins to rise in order to exit the death spiral. Whichever is first, will indicate the conclusion.
Skater(s) must demonstrate positions that affect the main body core and balance. The difficult entry position must be performed while at least one of the partners must be on the entry curve and the Woman and/or the Man are moving from a difficult entry position directly and without delay to a Death Spiral position. An example of a difficult exit: Woman exits immediately with continuous flow into a lift (dance or other) or into a jump. The exit must have significant impact, on the balance and control of the execution of the death spiral. The feature for the Entry is awarded only if the low position is reached by both partners within the first revolution after the man’s toe is anchored in the ice. Difficult entry and/or exit is one feature and only one of them will count as a level feature.


Elements with no value or maximum Level B/1/2/3 in PAIRS SP & FS 2025-2026
Max. Level SP
Problem
Note: Pair team is awarded LOWER Level achieved by partners
All elements with Levels
No value Wrong element
Basic+ded.
Illegal elements/movements (if Basic Level requirements are fulfilled); TP is responsible for illegal elements deduction
Step Sequences
No value Not fully utilizing the ice surface
Basic 1
2 Basic
Basic
No minimum variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence Only minimum variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence Only simple variety in steps and turns throughout the sequence No balance of steps and turns in their distribution through the sequence The workload between partners not even
Solo Spin Combinations (Novice)
No Value Does not have at least 2 continuous revolutions in 2 basic
positions
Solo Spin Combinations with change of foot
No Value Any ‘V’
Less than 2 basic positions with 2 revs 2 basic positions with 2 revs
No Value Change of foot: less than 3 revolutions before/after
Pair Spins Combinations
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
One/both partners do not have at least 2 continuous revs in 2 basic positions or no attempt at change of foot by one or both partners. Change of foot: less than 3 continuous revolutions before/after by one or both partners All difficult variations executed by Woman/by man (Level feature 1) Less than 3 basic positions with 2 revs
Lifts
Basic+ded. No value No value Man’s arms never extended (Groups 3/4/5) No value Wrong take-off
Illegal hold Less than the min. number of revolutions (1) by man
Death Spiral
No value Man does not stay in pivot with knee clearly bent & arm extended
for 1 rev. Man and Woman do not stay simultaneously in the “low” position for 1 rev.
No value Woman’s head never reaches the level of her skating knee
Max. Level FS
N/A Basic+ded.
N/A N/A N/A
N/A N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A N/A N/A
No value
Any, ‘V’
Any, No feature 1 Any, ‘V’
Basic+ded. No value No value N/A
No value
No value
Таблица 62 (страницы 34):
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Note: Pair team is awarded LOWER Level achieved by
partners; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: All elements with Levels; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value
Wrong element
N/A; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Basic+ded.
Illegal elements/movements (if Basic Level requirements are
Basic+ded.
fulfilled);
TP is responsible for illegal elements deduction; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Step Sequences; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Not fully utilizing the ice surface
N/A
Not fully utilizing the ice surface
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Basic; : 0
No minimum variety in steps and turns througho...
N/A
No minimum variety in steps and turns througho...
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: 1; : 0
Only minimum variety in steps and turns throug...
N/A
Only minimum variety in steps and turns throug...
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: 2; : 0
Only simple variety in steps and turns through...
N/A
Only simple variety in steps and turns through...
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Basic; : 0
No balance of steps and turns in their distrib...
N/A
No balance of steps and turns in their distrib...
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Basic; : 0
The workload between partners not even
N/A
The workload between partners not even
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Solo Spin Combinations (Novice); : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No Value; : 0
Does not have at least 2 continuous revolution...
N/A
Does not have at least 2 continuous revolution...
N/A
Solo Spin Combinations with change of foot
Solo Spin Combinations with change of foot
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No Value; : 0
Less than 2 basic positions with 2 revs
N/A
Less than 2 basic positions with 2 revs
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Any ‘V’; : 0
2 basic positions with 2 revs
N/A
2 basic positions with 2 revs
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No Value; : 0
Change of foot: less than 3 revolutions before...
N/A
Change of foot: less than 3 revolutions before...
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Pair Spins Combinations; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: N/A; : 0
One/both partners do not have at least 2 conti...
No value
One/both partners do not have at least 2 conti...
No value
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: N/A; : 0
Change of foot: less than 3 continuous revolut...
Any, ‘V’
Change of foot: less than 3 continuous revolut...
Any, ‘V’
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: N/A; : 0
All difficult variations executed by Woman/by ...
Any, No \nfeature 1
All difficult variations executed by Woman/by ...
Any, No \nfeature 1
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: N/A; : 0
Less than 3 basic positions with 2 revs
Any, ‘V’
Less than 3 basic positions with 2 revs
Any, ‘V’
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Lifts; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Basic+ded.; : 0
Illegal hold
Basic+ded.
Illegal hold
Basic+ded.
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Less than the min. number of revolutions (1) b...
No value
Less than the min. number of revolutions (1) b...
No value
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Man’s arms never extended (Groups 3/4/5)
No value
Man’s arms never extended (Groups 3/4/5)
No value
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Wrong take-off
N/A
Wrong take-off
N/A
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: Death Spiral; : 0
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Man does not stay in pivot with knee clearly b...
No value
Man does not stay in pivot with knee clearly b...
No value
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: 1; : 0
Man and Woman do not stay simultaneously in th...
Man and Woman do not stay simultaneously in th...
Max. Level
Problem
Max. Level
FS: No value; : 0
Woman’s head never reaches the level of her sk...
No value
Woman’s head never reaches the level of her sk...
No value