INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
SPECIAL REGULATIONS & TECHNICAL RULES
SINGLE & PAIR SKATING
and
ICE DANCE 2024
In the ISU Constitution and Regulations, the masculine gender used in relation to any physical person (for example, Skater/Competitor, Official, member of an ISU Member etc. or pronouns such as he, they, them) shall, unless there is a specific provision to the contrary, be understood as including the feminine gender.
See also the ISU Constitution and General Regulations


INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
Regulations laid down by the following Congresses:
1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th Vienna 11th Budapest 12th Amsterdam 13th Copenhagen 14th Davos 15th Luchon 16th Oslo 17th Vienna 18th Prague 19th Stockholm 20th St. Moritz 21st Amsterdam 22nd Oslo 23rd Paris 24th Copenhagen 25th Stresa 26th Lausanne 27th Salzburg 28th 29th Bergen 30th Helsinki 31st Vienna
Scheveningen Copenhagen Stockholm London Berlin Budapest Copenhagen Stockholm Amsterdam
Tours
1892 1895 1897 1899 1901 1903 1905 1907 1909 1911 1913 1921 1923 1925 1927 1929 1931 1933 1935 1937 1939 1947 1949 1951 1953 1955 1957 1959 1961 1963 1965
32nd Amsterdam 33rd Maidenhead 34th 35th 36th 37th 38th 39th 40th 41st 42nd 43rd 44th 45th 46th 47th 48th 49th 50th 51st 52nd Monaco 53rd 54th 55th 56th 57th
1967 1969 1971 Venice 1973 Copenhagen 1975 Munich 1977 Paris 1980 Davos Stavanger 1982 Colorado Springs 1984 1986 Velden 1988 Davos 1990 Christchurch 1992 Davos 1994 Boston 1996 Davos 1998 Stockholm 2000 Québec 2002 Kyoto 2004 Scheveningen 2006 Budapest 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2021 2022 2024
Barcelona Kuala Lumpur Dublin Dubrovnik Sevilla Online voting Online voting Phuket Las Vegas
58th 59th


I. SPECIAL REGULATIONS SINGLE & PAIR SKATING ICE DANCE
INDEX
General Rule No. 300
Disciplines and content of Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance
REGULATIONS FOR COMPETITIONS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
A. General
Rule No. 335 336 342 343 344 345 346 349 350 351 352 353
354 355 358 365 366 367
Segments of competition Competition personnel Required rinks Music Competition schedule Communications during competitions Video Recording Program Content Sheet Call to the start Behavior of Competitors and Officials ISU Judging System - scoring systems ISU Judging System - determination and publication of results Team Results by ISU Member World ranking systems Awards Exhibitions during Competitions Protocol Novelty formats
B. ISU Championships – Special Rules
Rule No. 375 376 377 378 379
Allotment Schedule/Duration of Championships Participation in Championships Entries ISU Championships Music titles
Page 9
9 10 10 11 12 12 12 12 13 13 13 15
21 22 22 22 22 23
24 24 24 25 27


General Rule No. 381
393 394 396
ISU Event Manager and Regional Assistant Event Managers Presentation of medals Medals Advertisements of ice shows
C. Olympic Winter Games
Rule No. 400 401
Entries to the Olympic Winter Games Appointment of Officials to the Olympic Winter Games Panels of Judges for the Olympic Winter Games Draws at the Olympic Winter Games
REGULATIONS FOR OFFICIALS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
A. Nomination and appointments of Officials
Rule No. 410
Process for nomination and appointment of Officials General requirement for nomination and appointment of Officials Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Referees Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Judges Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Technical Controllers Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Technical Specialists Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Data & Replay Operators ISU Seminars
B. Appointment of Officials to Competitions
Rule No. 420
Appointment of Officials to International Competitions (general) Appointment of Officials to ISU Championships (special Rule) Appointment of Officials to the Olympic Winter Games (special Rule)
Page 27
28 28 29
30 32


General
C. Duties and powers of Officials
Rule No 430 General and specific duties and powers
431 Meetings at Competitions for Referees and
Judges
432 Meetings at Competitions for Technical Panels 433
Reports
D. Evaluation of service by Officials
Rule No. 440
Evaluation of service by Officials
REGULATIONS FOR EXHIBITIONS
Rule No. 450
Exhibitions
Page
62 67
68 69


II. TECHNICAL RULES SINGLE & PAIR SKATING / ICE DANCE
GENERAL TECHNICAL RULES IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
Rule No. 500 501 502 503 504 Marking of Short Program/Rhythm Dance
Definition of the skate blade and clothing Clothing Duration of skating Falls
and Free Skating/Free Dance
TECHNICAL RULES FOR COMPETITIONS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
A. General Rule No. 511
Announcement of entries and panels of Officials Draws Draws for starting orders
512 513 514 Warm-up periods 515
Interruptions, Music Deficiencies, Adverse Conditions and Incomplete Programs
B. ISU Championships – Special Technical Rules Rule No. 520 521
Draws for Competitors Judges draws
Tables
I. II.
Size of starting order groups Size of warm-up groups
Page 81 81 81 82 83
87 87 90 90
95 96
101 102


III. TECHNICAL RULES SINGLE & PAIR SKATING
A. Single and Pair Skating Elements Rule No. 610
Requirements to elements of Single and Pair Skating and Illegal Elements / Movements
B. Single Skating Rule No. 611 612
Short Program Singles Free Skating Singles
C. Pair Skating Rule No. 619 620 621
Requirements to elements of Pair Skating Short Programs Pairs Free Skating Pairs
Page 103
106 110
116 118 122


IV. TECHNICAL RULES ICE DANCE
B. Pattern Dances Rule No. 707 708
Introduction Requirements and marking
C. Rhythm Dance Rule No. 709
Rhythm Dance
D. Free Dance Rule No. 710
Free Dance
E. Announcement and draw of Pattern Dances and announcement of requirements for Rhythm Dance and Free Dance Rule No. 711
Page 127 127 128 129 137 139
140 142


I. SPECIAL REGULATIONS SINGLE & PAIR SKATING ICE DANCE
Rule 300 Disciplines and content of Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance
1. The disciplines of Single & Pair Skating, i.e. Women Single Skating, Men Single Skating and Pair Skating (one Woman and one Man), as defined in Article 39, paragraph 3.b) (i) of the ISU Constitution, consist of: a) Short Program b) Free Skating
2. The discipline of Ice Dance, i.e. one Woman and one Man, as defined in Article 39, paragraph 3.b) (ii) of the ISU Constitution, consists of: a) Pattern Dances b) Rhythm Dance c) Free Dance Rules 301 – 334 (reserved)
REGULATIONS FOR COMPETITIONS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
General
Rule 335 Segments of competitions
A. Segments of Single & Pair Skating competitions 1.
ISU Championships, Olympic Winter Games, Winter Youth Olympic Games, Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games and ISU Grand Prix Events and Final (Senior and Junior) in Single & Pair Skating shall consist of Short Program and Free Skating.
International Competitions in Single & Pair Skating shall consist of: a) Short Program and Free Skating b) Free Skating (Senior only)
B. Segments of Ice Dance competitions
ISU Championships, Olympic Winter Games, Winter Youth Olympic Games, Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games and


ISU Grand Prix Events and Final (Senior and Junior) in Ice Dance shall consist of Rhythm Dance and Free Dance.
International Competitions in Ice Dance shall consist of: a) Rhythm Dance and Free Dance b) Pattern Dance(s) and Free Dance c) Free Dance (Senior only)
C. Order of Segments and skating in Segments
a) Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s) must be
skated before Free Skating/Free Dance.
b) Women, Men, Pairs and Ice Dance Couples must skate
separately.
c) Each Skater/Pair/Couple must skate the Short Program/Rhythm Dance, Free Skating/Free Dance or Pattern Dance alone on the ice surface.
Rule 336 Competition personnel
The following competition personnel designated by the Organizing Committee is necessary: a) an announcer to summon the Competitors and to read the scores and
results
b) minimum one timekeeper for single/pairs and two for ice dance c) minimum one result calculation computer operator d) supplementary competition personnel (if necessary) to guarantee the
orderly conduct of the competition in other respects.
Rules 337 – 341 (reserved)
Rule 342 Required rinks
1. The available skating area for the Short Program/Rhythm Dance, Free Skating/Free Dance and Pattern Dance(s) must be rectangular and if possible, shall measure sixty (meters) in length and thirty meters in width, but not larger, and not less than fifty-six meters in length and twenty-six meters in width. Officials shall not be seated on the ice surface. The Judges and the Referee will be seated at the rinkboard and the Technical Panel will be seated in an elevated position, if possible. 10


2. For International Competitions, at least one covered and preferably heated rink is required. For ISU Championships, the Olympic Winter Games and the Winter Youth Olympic Games, two covered and closed rinks are required. For ISU Events, the Olympic Winter Games, the Winter Youth Olympic Games and the Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games the ice rinks must be heated.
Rule 343 Music
1. All programs must be skated to music. 2. All Competitors shall furnish competition music of excellent quality in a format and means announced in the announcement of the competition in accordance with Rule 112. a) The Competitor must announce the exact running time of the music (not skating time), which shall be certified by the Competitor, Coach or Team Leader, at the time of registration; b) Each program (Short Program/Free Program/Pattern Dance when music provided by the Couple/Rhythm Dance/Free Dance) must be recorded on a separate track or on a separate disc (if using CDs);
c) Competitors must provide a back-up drive for each program in a format and means as per the announcement of the competition in accordance with Rule 112.
3. All music used for competitive events must be played on high quality electronic recorders, e.g. MP3 Player or similar, computer or CD Player, one or two of which shall be used during the competition. The organizer shall furnish, for each rink used for the competition and practice, adequate facilities for the reproduction and playback of music. The facilities to be provided by the organizer must be set forth in the Announcement of the Competition.
4. Precaution must be taken to prevent frequency and/or voltage variations.
5. The volume level of the music as determined by the Medical Commission in either the practice or competition rinks must not exceed 85-90-dB Sound Pressure Level in any part of the arena.
6. The organizers of each competition shall delete after the competition all music files which they have received in connection with the competition.


7. If there is no official practice, the organizer must provide the Competitor, Coach or Team Leader the opportunity to check before the competition that electronically submitted music is the correct Competitor's music. Rule 344 Competition schedule
1. When the event is comprised of two Segments, it is recommended that the competition should last at least two days, but no more than three consecutive days.
2. At the option of the Organizers the Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s) can be skated either on a preceding day or on the same day as the Free Skating/Free Dance (except ISU Junior Grand Prix and Grand Prix Events and Finals and ISU Championships) provided there is an interval of at least 4 hours after the ending of the Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s).
3. Events should not begin before 9.00 a.m. and should be planned to finish by 11.00 p.m.
Rule 345 Communications during competitions
All official communications during ISU Championships, the Olympic Winter Games, the Winter Youth Olympic Games and International Competitions must be published in English.
Rule 346 Video recording
The Organizing ISU Member, or as the case may be, the ISU shall provide to the Referee a video recording of each segment of the competition.
Rules 347 – 348 (reserved)
Rule 349 Program Content Sheet
Each Skater/Pair/Couple, shall present a Program Content Sheet i.e. an official form indicating the planned elements for each Segment of the competition, except Pattern Dances.


Rule 350 Call to the start
1. Prior to each performance, the names of those about to compete must be clearly called.
2. Each Skater/Pair/Couple must take the starting position of each Segment of the competition (Short Program/Rhythm Dance, Free Skating/Free Dance or Pattern Dance) at the latest thirty seconds after he/they are called to the start. If this time has expired and the Skater/s has/have not yet taken the starting position, the Referee shall apply a deduction (deducted from the final score) as per Rule 353, paragraph 1. n). If sixty seconds started from the call to the start have expired and the Skater/s has/have not yet taken the starting position, he/they will be considered as withdrawn. Rule 351 Behavior of Competitors and Officials
1. Encouragement or advice of any kind, especially prompting during skating, by Officials, is not permitted.
2. Skaters are not allowed to use headphones, earbuds or any similar devices on the ice during any official practice and during the event.
Rule 352 ISU Judging System - scoring systems
1. The results must be calculated electronically at ISU Events, Olympic Winter Games, Winter Youth Olympic Games and Qualifying Competitions to the Olympic Winter Games.
2. The organizing ISU Member, in the case of International Competitions other than ISU Events, or the ISU, in the case of ISU Events, the Olympic Winter Games and Winter Youth Olympic Games, is responsible for the accuracy of the results including the computer software program and shall provide experienced, competent operators who shall be responsible for the entry of data into the computer and the generating of official results.
3. Online marking and display system
a) Officials screen
Each Judge and the Referee operate independently, and the


decisions of the Technical Controller and Technical Specialists are recorded by the Data Operator, using a touch screen or similar system which could be equipped with a built-in video replay system approved by the ISU. The input by each individual Judge, the Referee and the Technical Panel are transferred into a calculation computer, including, if possible, a complete back-up system.
b) Electronic marks display/scoreboard
In ISU Championships an electronic marks’ display system must be used. The results display information (scoreboard) must show place in previous Segment (Short Program/Rhythm Dance), current place in this Segment and overall current place. Additional information on scores, of interest for the public, is displayed as decided by the Council.
4. Off-line marking
When online marking is not available, the Officials shall operate as follows:
a) With not more than five Judges and no Technical Panel (Technical
Controller, Technical Specialist):
(i)
The panel of Judges shall be split in the "Technical Judge(s)" (maximum two Judges) and the "Performance Judges" (if possible not more than three Judges). (ii) The "Technical Judge(s)" shall record all Elements and award the GOE for each Element, the "Performance Judges" shall award the Program Components only. The "Performance Judges" shall operate independently, while the "Technical Judges" may confer to agree on decision about the identified elements.
(iii) One of the “Technical Judges” shall act as Referee. He shall alone decide upon the deductions under the obligations of Referees and Technical Panels.
b) With a Technical Panel (Technical Controller and Technical
Specialist) or with more than five Judges:
(i) With more than five Judges but no Technical Panel,
paragraph a) (i) above shall apply.
(ii) A communication chain needs to be established (headsets etc.) between the “Performance Judges”/Judges and the “Technical the communication chain it is guaranteed that the “Performance Judges”/Judges operating in the panel are aware of the identified and called Elements.
Judge(s)”/Technical Panel. With


(iii) The “Technical Judge(s)”/Technical Panel shall record all Elements and apply the deductions under the obligation of Technical Panels. The Judges shall award the GOE for each Element as well as the Program Components.
(iv) One of the “Technical Judges”/Judges shall act as Referee unless a separate Referee has been assigned to the event. He or the Referee alone shall apply the deduction under the obligations of Referees.
c) The "Officials’ Marking Sheets" need to be collected after each performance. The data is either transferred into a computer to calculate results or the calculation is done manually. The calculation of results shall be done according to Rule 353.
Rule 353 ISU Judging System - determination and publication of results
1. Basic Principles of Calculation
a) Every Section of a Pattern Dance, every Element (i.e. Required Element of the Short Program/Rhythm Dance/Free Dance or Element of the Well Balanced Free Skating Program) has a certain Base Value indicated in the Scale of Value (SOV) chart published in an ISU Communication.
b) Each Judge identifies for each Sequence/Section/Element one, or if so published in an ISU Communication, two GOEs. Each GOE has its own positive or negative numerical value as indicated in the SOV chart published in an ISU Communication for each season.
c) The panel's Grade of Execution (GOE) is determined by calculating the trimmed mean of the numerical values of the Grades of Execution awarded by Judges.
d) The trimmed mean is calculated by deleting the highest and the lowest values and calculating the average of the remaining values. In the case when there are fewer than five Judges, the highest and lowest values are not deleted from the calculation.
e) This average will become the final Grade of Execution of an individual Section/Element. The panel's GOE is rounded to two decimal places.
f) The panel's score for each Section/Element is determined by adding the trimmed mean GOE of this Section/Element to its Base Value.


g) The panel's scores for all the Sections/Elements are added giving
thus the Total Elements Score.
In Single & Pair Skating:
i) Jump combinations and Jump Sequences are evaluated as one unit by adding the Base Values of the jumps included and applying the GOE with the numerical value of the most difficult jump.
ii) Any additional element or elements exceeding the prescribed numbers will not be counted in the result of a participant. Only the first attempt (or allowed number of attempts) of an Element will be taken into account.
iii) In the Short Program and Free Skating of Single Skating the Base Values (but not the GOEs) for jump Elements started in the second half of the program will be multiplied by a special factor 1.1 in order to give credit for even distribution of difficulties in the program. However, only the last one jump element executed in the second half counts for the 1.1 factor in the Short Program, and the last three jump elements for Free Skating. Each factored Base Value for these jump Elements performed in the second half of the Program will be rounded to two decimal places. The second half commences in the middle of the required time without taking into account plus or minus 10 seconds allowance. However, in cases of up to 3 minutes interruptions (as per Rule 515, paragraph 4.b)) the factor 1.1 will be used only for jump elements which were started in the second half of the program, but prior to the interruption.
In Ice Dance: i) Combination Lifts are evaluated as one unit by adding the Base Values of the two first executed Types of Short Lifts and then applying the GOE. The GOE of the Combination Lift is equal to the sum of the numerical values of the corresponding GOE of these two first executed Types of Short Lifts.
ii) Step Sequences announced by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and published in an ISU Communication if applicable, are evaluated as one unit by adding the Base Values of the Step Sequences of the Woman and the Man and then applying the GOE. The GOE is equal to the sum of the numerical values of the corresponding GOEs of the Step Sequences.
iii) Turn Sequences announced by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and published in an ISU Communication if applicable, are evaluated as one unit by adding the Base


Values of the executed Types of Turns by the Woman and the Man and then applying the GOE. The GOE is equal to the sum of the numerical values of the corresponding GOEs of the executed Types of Turns.
j) Each Judge also marks the Program Components on a scale from
0.25 to 10 with 0.25 points increments.
k) The panel's points for each Program Component are obtained by calculating the trimmed mean of the Judges results for that Program Component. The trimmed mean is calculated in the manner described above in sub-paragraph d).
l) The trimmed mean of each Program Component is rounded to
two decimal places.
m) The panel's points for each Program Component are then multiplied by a factor such that the Program Component Score is as equivalent as possible to the Total Elements Score as follows (same for Junior and Senior):
Men:
Short Program: 1.67
Free Skating: 3.33
Women:
Short Program: 1.33
Free Skating: 2.67
Short Program: 1.33 Pairs: Ice Dance: Rhythm Dance: 1.33
Free Skating: 2.67 2.00 Free Dance:
Pattern Dance: 1.17
The factored results are rounded to two decimal places and added. The sum is the Program Component Score.


n) Deductions are applied for certain violations specified in the
Regulations as follows:
Violation: Program time
Pattern Dances Program time
As per: Rule 502
Rule 707, paragraph 6
Points: - 1.0 up to every 5 seconds lacking or in excess - 1.0 up to every 5 seconds in excess of permitted time after the last prescribed step in the Pattern Dance to the ending movement/pose - 2.0 per violation
Illegal Element/Movement Costume and prop
Part of the costume/decoration falls on the ice Late start
Fall
Rule 504, paragraph 2 Rule 501, paragraph 1 Rule 501, paragraph 2
Rule 350, paragraph 2 Rule 503
1.0 per program
1.0 per program
1.0 for start between 1 and 30 seconds late Senior Single Skating: -1.0 for the first and second fall, -2.0 for the third and fourth fall, -3.0 for the fifth and any further falls.
Junior Single Skating: -1.0 for every Fall.
Interruption in performing the program
Rule 515, paragraph 4. a)
Pair Skating and Ice Dance: -1.0 for every Fall by one partner and -2.0 for every Fall by both partners. For every Interruption of: more than 10 seconds up to 20 seconds: - 1.0 more than 20 seconds up to 30 seconds: - 2.0


--- Table 1 ---
| Violation:            | As per:                | Points:                      |
|:----------------------|:-----------------------|:-----------------------------|
| Program time          | Rule 502               | - 1.0 up to every 5          |
|                       |                        | seconds lacking or in        |
|                       |                        | excess                       |
| Pattern Dances        | Rule 707,              | - 1.0 up to every 5          |
| Program time          | paragraph 6            | seconds in excess of         |
|                       |                        | permitted time after the     |
|                       |                        | last prescribed step in      |
|                       |                        | the Pattern Dance to         |
|                       |                        | the ending                   |
|                       |                        | movement/pose                |
| Illegal               | Rule 504,              | - 2.0 per violation          |
| Element/Movement      | paragraph 2            |                              |
| Costume and prop      | Rule 501,              | - 1.0 per program            |
|                       | paragraph 1            |                              |
| Part of the           | Rule 501,              | - 1.0 per program            |
| costume/decoration    | paragraph 2            |                              |
| falls on the ice      |                        |                              |
| Late start            | Rule 350,              | - 1.0 for start between 1    |
|                       | paragraph 2            | and 30 seconds late          |
| Fall                  | Rule 503               | Senior Single Skating:      |
|                       |                        | -1.0 for the first and       |
|                       |                        | second fall, -2.0 for the    |
|                       |                        | third and fourth fall, -3.0  |
|                       |                        | for the fifth and any        |
|                       |                        | further falls.               |
|                       |                        |  *Junior Single Skating:     |
|                       |                        | -1.0 for every Fall.         |
|                       |                        |  *Pair Skating and Ice       |
|                       |                        | Dance: -1.0 for every        |
|                       |                        | Fall by one partner and      |
|                       |                        | -2.0 for every Fall by       |
|                       |                        | both partners.               |
| Interruption in       | Rule 515,              | For every Interruption       |
| performing the        | paragraph 4. a)        | of:                          |
| program               |                        | more than 10 seconds         |
|                       |                        | up to 20 seconds: - 1.0      |
|                       |                        | more than 20 seconds         |
|                       |                        | up to 30 seconds: - 2.0      |
|                       |                        | more than 30 seconds         |
|                       |                        | up to 40 seconds: - 3.0      |
| Interruption of the   | Rule 515,              | - 5.0 per program            |
| program with          | paragraph 4. b)        |                              |
| allowance of up to 3  |                        |                              |
| minutes to resume     |                        |                              |
| from the point of     |                        |                              |
| interruption.         |                        |                              |
| Adverse condition     | Rule 515,              | - 5.0 per program            |
| prior the beginning   | paragraph 6            |                              |
| of the program with   |                        |                              |
| allowance of up to 3  |                        |                              |
| minutes.              |                        |                              |
| Choreography          | Ice Dance: Rules       | -1.0 per program             |
| restrictions          | 709, paragraphs        |                              |
|                       | 1.d), g), h) and j)    |                              |
|                       | and 710,               |                              |
|                       | paragraphs 1.f), h)    |                              |
|                       | and j)                 |                              |
| Extra Elements (Ice   | Required               | - 1.0 per violation          |
| Dance only)           | Elements and           |                              |
|                       | principles of calling  |                              |
|                       | published in ISU       |                              |
|                       | Communications         |                              |
| Music requirements    | Rules 707,             | - 2.0 per program            |
| (Ice Dance only)      | paragraph 5, 709,      |                              |
|                       | paragraph 1.c)(i)      |                              |
|                       | and (ii), and 710,     |                              |
|                       | paragraph 1.c)         |                              |
| Tempo                 | Rules 707,             | - 1.0 per program            |
| specifications (Ice   | paragraphs 1 and       |                              |
| Dance only)           | 5 and 709,             |                              |
|                       | paragraph 1.c)(iii)    |                              |
| Dance Lift            | Rule 704,              | - 1.0 per Dance Lift         |
| exceeding permitted   | paragraph 16           |                              |
| duration (Ice Dance   |                        |                              |
| only)                 |                        |                              |
------------------



Interruption of the program with allowance of up to 3 minutes to resume from the point of interruption. Adverse condition prior the beginning of the program with allowance of up to 3 minutes. Choreography restrictions
Extra Elements (Ice Dance only)
Music requirements (Ice Dance only)
Tempo specifications (Ice Dance only)
Rule 515, paragraph 4. b)
Rule 515, paragraph 6
Ice Dance: Rules 709, paragraphs 1.d), g), h) and j) and 710, paragraphs 1.f), h) and j) Required Elements and principles of calling published in ISU Communications Rules 707, paragraph 5, 709, paragraph 1.c)(i) and (ii), and 710, paragraph 1.c) Rules 707, paragraphs 1 and 5 and 709, paragraph 1.c)(iii) Rule 704, paragraph 16
more than 30 seconds up to 40 seconds: - 3.0 - 5.0 per program
5.0 per program
1.0 per program
1.0 per violation
2.0 per program
1.0 per program
Dance Lift exceeding permitted duration (Ice Dance only)
1.0 per Dance Lift
2. Determination of results in each Segment of the Competition
a) The Total Segment Score for each Skater/Pair/Couple in each Segment of a competition (Short Program/Rhythm Dance, Free Skating/Free Dance or Pattern Dance(s)) is calculated by adding the Total Elements Score and the Program Component Scores,


subtracting any deductions for violations described in sub- paragraph 1.n).
In Ice Dance, for events with two Pattern Dances, the Total Score for each dance will be multiplied by a factor of 0.5.
c) The Skater/Pair/Couple with the highest Total Segment Score is placed first, the Skater/Pair/Couple with the next highest Total Segment Score is placed second and so on.
If two or more Skaters/Pairs/Couples have the same result, the Total Elements Score will break the Short Program/Rhythm Dance and the Pattern Dance(s). The Program Components Score will break the tie in the Free Skating/Free Dance. If these results are also equal, the Skaters/Pairs/Couples concerned will be considered as tied.
the
tie
e) For any Segment where a Segment factor is applied, the factored
Segment Scores are rounded to two decimal places.
3. Determination of the final result
a) The Total Segment Score of the Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s) and Free Skating/Free Dance are added and the result constitutes the Final Score of a Skater/Pair/Couple in a competition. The Skater/Pair/Couple with the highest Final Score is first etc.
In cases of ties after the Final Score the Skater/Pair/Couple with the highest score for the last skated Segment is placed first etc. If there is a tie in the highest score, the better placement will decide the better place. In Ice Dance, if two Pattern Dances are to be skated, both dances are even in value. There are no tie-breaking criteria.
If there is a tie for this Segment, the placement of the previously skated Segment will count for the better place etc. If there is no previous Segment, Skaters/Pairs/Couples are tied.
4. Publication of results
a) In the publication of the overall results of an event, the eliminated Competitors (Competitors who did not qualify for the next Segment either due to the insufficient scores or due to withdrawal) shall be listed following the Competitors who have successfully finished the competition and such eliminated Competitors will be listed in order of their placement after their last completed Segment.
Disqualified Competitors will lose their placements and be officially noted in the intermediate and final results as disqualified (DSQ). Competitors having finished the competition and who


initially placed lower than the disqualified Competitor(s) will move up accordingly in their placement(s).
b) Following each Segment, the Total Elements Score, the panel's points obtained in each Program Component, the Program Component Score, the deductions and the Total Segment Score of every Skater/Pair/Couple must be published.
c) Following each Segment, a printout indicating the Base Values of all the Elements and the GOEs and points for the Program Components from every Judge will be issued. For all figure skating competitions, Championships, Events and Olympic Winter Games, the Judges names and their respective scores will be published.
d) The final result must be published as soon as possible after the for each the event. This must
conclusion of Skater/Pair/Couple:
include
the final place;
separately, the placing in each Segment of a competition.
e) On conclusion of the event the total points (Final Score) of each
Skater/Pair/Couple must be published.
Rule 354 Team Results by ISU Member
The Council shall publish in an ISU Communication a calculation system to establish Team Results by ISU Member in International Competitions. This system shall be based on the results of the individual competitions in each discipline per category (Novice, Junior, Senior), i.e. Women, Men, Pairs, Ice Dance and, when applicable, Synchronized Skating. This system shall be implemented by organizing ISU Members of International Senior, Junior and Novice Competitions and be duly announced in the Announcement of the competition. Upon completion of the competition, the final Team Results are announced after the last awards ceremony for the individual competitions and shall be included in the final protocol.


Rule 355 World ranking systems
The relevant ISU Bodies shall determine and publish in an ISU Communication calculation systems to establish world rankings: a) b) by ISU Members including Team Results and/or individual results. Those world rankings are updated and published on the ISU website.
for Women, Men, Pair Skating and Ice Dance;
Rules 356 – 357 (reserved)
Rule 358 Awards
1. Awards are made for the final result of each competition.
2. The organizing ISU Member may make additional awards for placement in any Segment of the competition.
3. Members of the ISU may not award for other competitions any medals which resemble the ISU Championship medals.
Rules 359 – 364 (reserved)
Rule 365 Exhibitions during Competitions
A Competitor in an International Competition may not give an additional performance until all parts of this competition have been completed and the results of the competition in question announced.
Rule 366 Protocol
1. A protocol must be published after each ISU Championships, Olympic Winter Games, Winter Youth Olympic Games, and International Competition. It must include the general and special items specified below.
2. The general items of a protocol are:
a) the place of the event and the name of the ice rink; b) the date and time when the event was held;


c) for ISU Championships only: a list with the ISU Council, Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance Technical Committee members, ISU Director General, Sports Technical Director(s), Treasurer and Legal Advisors;
d) the attending ISU Office Holders;
e) participating ISU Members and entries;
f) the composition of the Organizing Committee;
g) the event schedule (on ice and off-ice schedule);
h) the Officials (for each Segment if applicable); i) the type of rink (heated or unheated);
j) the size of the skating area/ice surface;
k) the ice conditions;
l) the number of entries, followed by the number of Competitors who
took part;
m) the special conditions of the Segments, the factors and duration;
n) for Ice Dance, the Pattern Dance(s) in the order of skating (if
applicable).
o) for Ice Dance, the rhythm(s)/theme of the Rhythm Dance.
3. The special items of a protocol are those listed in Rule 353, paragraph 4 for each discipline (Women, Men, Pairs, Ice Dance).
4. A protocol must be signed by the Referee and the Technical Controller.
In the protocols of ISU Championships the photographs of those placed first, second and third must be included. For International Competitions the inclusion of such photographs is not mandatory.
6. Protocol for ISU Events must be sent in electronic form to the ISU Secretariat for publication on the ISU website, not later than one week and for all international competitions not later than two weeks after the completion of the event (for ISU Championships, see Rule 135).
Rule 367 Novelty formats
Novelty formats at International Competitions For modifications of a technical nature and new methods/systems with respect to the Special Regulations and Technical Rules, the provisions of Rule 104, paragraph 11.b) apply.


Rules 368 – 374 (reserved)
B. ISU Championships – Special Rules
Rule 375 Allotment
For Regulations concerning the allotment and dates of ISU Figure Skating Championships see Rules 127 and 128.
Rule 376 Schedule/duration of Championships
ISU Championships must not exceed eight days. One day of free practice at the site of the Championships for all Competitors must be provided by the organizing ISU Member prior to the first competition day of any ISU Championships. In case of World Championships with Qualifying Rounds one day of free practice at the site of the Championships for the Competitors of the Qualifying Round must be provided prior to the first competition day of the Qualifying Round and one day of free practice at the site of the Championships for the Competitors (direct entries) of the Championships Round must be provided prior to the first competition of the Championships Round.
2. For each discipline, Short Program/Rhythm Dance and Free Skating/Free Dance must not be skated on the same day but should be completed within a maximum period of three consecutive days.
Rule 377 Participation in Championships
1. Participation in World Championships is open to all Competitors who belong to an ISU Member (for exceptions see Rule 109, paragraph 5). In the European Championships the only Competitors who are eligible to compete are individuals who are members of a European ISU Member and fulfill the requirements of Rule 109, paragraphs 2 and 3.
1. Participation in World Championships is open to all Competitors who belong to an ISU Member (for exceptions see Rule 109, paragraph 5). 2.


Rule 378 Entries ISU Championships Single & Pair Skating & Ice Dance
1. At ISU Championships in Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance, the entries by name must reach simultaneously the respective Director(s) and the Organizing Committee 28 days before the first day (first official practice day) of the Championships concerned. For post entries, Rule 115, paragraph 4 of the General Regulations applies.
2. Number of entries at ISU Figure Skating (Single & Pair Skating/Ice Dance) Championships a)
ISU European, ISU World Junior and ISU World Championships: i. Each ISU Member, except Special Clubs, provided they enter Competitors having achieved the Combined Total Element Scores as outlined in paragraph 4, may enter at least one Competitor per discipline (Men, Women, Pair Skating, Ice Dance).
ii. Additional entries are determined as per the chart in
paragraph 3.
b) Number of entries for the ISU Four Continents Championships: i. Each ISU Member, except Special Clubs, provided they enter Competitors having achieved the Combined Total Element Scores as outlined in paragraph 4, may enter up to a maximum of three (3) Competitors per discipline (Men, Women, Pair Skating, Ice Dance).
3. Procedure to determine additional (more than one) entries in ISU Championships: a) Overall Entry Quotas per Championships/discipline: In order to determine such Overall Entry Quotas, ISU Members who have participated in the immediately preceding season in the corresponding discipline (Men, Women, Pair Skating, Ice Dance) of the same Championships shall accumulate points equal to the sum of placements of their Competitors who were entered in this preceding season’s Championships. Competitors are considered entered if they participate in the initial draw.
3. Procedure to determine additional (more than one) entries in ISU Championships: a) Overall Entry Quotas per Championships/discipline: In order to determine such Overall Entry Quotas, ISU Members who have participated in the immediately preceding season in the corresponding discipline (Men, Women, Pair Skating, Ice Dance) of the same Championships shall accumulate points equal to the sum of placements of their Competitors who were entered in this preceding season’s Championships. Competitors are considered entered if they participate in the initial draw.
for each
Competitors who were entered for the Short Program/Rhythm Dance, but did not qualify for the Free Skating/Free Dance, will be awarded 18 points for Single Skating and the number of points equal to their placement in Short Program/Rhythm Dance for Pair Skating/Ice Dance (however if this placement is lower than 18, only 18 points will be awarded). Competitors who 25


qualified for the Free Skating/Free Dance, but were not placed higher than 16th place in the final result will be awarded 16 points (or the number of points equal to the number of Competitors if the number of Competitors entered is less than 16 in cases of withdrawals not specified in the paragraph below).
However, the Competitors who withdrew because of: - illness or injury, (provided this illness or injury is certified by
the ISU Medical Advisor) or
unexpected damage to the equipment during the warm up or the performance (provided this damage of the equipment is certified by the Referee), are not considered as entered for the purpose of this Rule if they did not start or finish the Free Skating/Free Dance, but were among the top ten in the Short Program/Rhythm Dance.
If an ISU Member entered three Competitors in a discipline of a Championships, only the two best placed Competitors will count for points;
b) The number of Competitors (Overall Entry Quota) per discipline (Men, Women, Pair Skating, Ice Dance) an ISU Member may send to the site of a Championships is determined in accordance with the following diagram:
No. of Competitors in the preceding season’s Championships who count for points
Points required for three entries in the season’s current Championships
Points required for two entries in the current season’s Championships
Two
Not more than 13
Not more than 28
One
Not more than 2
Not more than 10
4. Combined Total Element Scores:
To be entered into and participate in an ISU Championships a Skater/Pair/Couple must have reached ISU recognized International Competition (as per Article 39, paragraph 7 and Rule 107, paragraphs 1 to 10) during the ongoing or immediately preceding season the applicable Combined Total Element Scores (Short Program/Rhythm Dance and Free Skating / Free Dance added). These scores must have been earned by participating in a Senior Category of the competitions mentioned under Article 39, paragraph 7 and Rule 107, paragraph 1 to 10) in order to enter the ISU European / Four Continents Championships or ISU World Championships or
in an


--- Table 2 ---
| No. of Competitors in    | Two               |
| the preceding            | One               |
| season’s                 |                   |
| Championships who        |                   |
| count for points         |                   |
|:-------------------------|:------------------|
| Points  required  for    | Not more than 13  |
| three  entries in  the   | Not more than 2   |
| current                  |                   |
| season’s                 |                   |
| Championships            |                   |
| Points required          | Not more than 28  |
| for two entries in       | Not more than 10  |
| the current              |                   |
| season’s                 |                   |
| Championships            |                   |
------------------



respectively in a Junior Category in order to enter the ISU World Junior Championships. The applicable Combined Total Element Scores shall be decided for each season by the ISU Council based on a joint proposal from the respective Technical Committee and the Sports Technical Director(s) and shall be published in an ISU Communication before August 1st each year.
5. For all ISU Championships each ISU Member may enter for each discipline one Substitute per entry. The Substitutes may compete only if their ISU Members have withdrawn the name of their Competitors initially entered for the concerned discipline at least one hour before the first draw.
Rule 379 Music titles
The title of the music of the Short Program/Rhythm Dance and of the Free Skating /Free Dance, and the names of the composers must be submitted with the entries for ISU Championships. If possible, this should be printed in the program.
Rule 380 (reserved)
Rule 381 ISU Event Manager and Regional Assistant Event Managers
1. Event Manager, Assistant Event Manager and Regional Assistant Event Managers (RAEMs) in Figure Skating: The ISU Council shall appoint an ISU Event Manager for Figure Skating and if necessary and possible an Assistant Event Manager as well as a pool of Regional Assistant Event Managers according to Article 38 of the Constitution. inspection visit
2. Consultation and Championships and ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final: For each Figure Skating Championships, the Event Manager and/or Assistant Event Manager shall attend at least one consultation and inspection visit at the site of the Championships, including meetings with the television and advertising companies during the two years before the Championships/Final. ISU Figure Skating
3. On site monitoring of ISU Figure Skating Championships:


For each Figure Skating Championships and the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final the Event Manager and/or the Assistant Event Manager plus one or two Regional Assistant Event Managers shall be present at the Championships/Final. At least one of them must be present from the beginning of the official training of the Championships/Final and may not serve in another capacity except in an emergency. They shall represent the ISU in all technical matters concerning the condition, adequacy and scheduling for use of all skating facilities and services used in connection with the Championships/Final. In addition, as necessary, they will act as a liaison between the Referee and other Officials and the Organizers. The composition of each ISU Event Management team (Event Manager, Assistant Event Manager, Regional Assistant Event Managers) shall be proposed by the Vice President through its annual budget and shall be decided by the ISU Council.
4. Monitoring and on-site attendance of other ISU Figure Skating Events: For other ISU Figure Skating Events, an ISU Event Management team shall monitor and possibly be present on site of the Event as necessary and as proposed by the Vice President within an annual budget and as decided by the ISU Council. Rules 382 – 392 (reserved)
Rule 393 Presentation of medals Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance
1. The ceremonies of awarding medals at ISU Championships in Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance shall be as follows: a) When the final results have been calculated, first the third and then the second placed competitors and finally the Champion(s) are announced, and are called to the winners’ podium on the ice;
b) The Representative of the ISU awards to the third- and second- placed Competitors the bronze and silver ISU medal(s), and to the champion(s) the gold ISU medal(s). The representative of the organizing ISU Member congratulate the medal winners (see also Rule 134, paragraph 3).
Rule 394 Medals
The Organizing ISU Member must order the Championships medals from the ISU Director General. 28


Rules 395 (reserved)
Rule 396 Advertisements of ice shows
At ISU Championships, no advertisements of ice shows are allowed inside or outside the ice rinks or in the program sold or given to the public. If such ISU advertisements exist, the Representative must intervene immediately.
ISU Event Manager and/or
the
Rules 397 – 399 (reserved)


C. Olympic Winter Games
Rule 400 Entries to the Olympic Winter Games
A. Entries of Competitors
1. The maximum number of entries for the Olympic Winter Games for Women and Men, for Pair Skating and for Ice Dance as well as the respective number of Competitors in the Short Program respectively the Rhythm Dance to qualify for the final Free Skating respectively the final Free Dance, shall be in accordance with the IOC Qualification System for each edition of the OWG. The IOC Qualification System will be decided by the IOC in consultation with the ISU. ISU Members who have participated in the immediately preceding year’s World Senior Championships accumulate points according to Rule 378, paragraph 3.
3. Twenty-four entries for Women and Men, sixteen entries for Pairs and nineteen entries for Ice Dance will be determined according to the classification outlined in paragraph 2 above. ISU Members who have earned the necessary points according to Rule 378, paragraph 3. will have the right for two or three entries if, in addition, they had two, respectively three Skaters/Pairs/Couples qualified for the Free Skating/Free Dance in the World Senior Championships immediately preceding the OWG. The remaining entries under this paragraph 3 will be attributed to the ISU Members with the best placed and qualified for the Free Skating/Free Dance Skaters at the World Senior Championships immediately preceding the OWG.
4. The remaining open entries available will be filled by ISU Members in order of their placements at a Senior International Competition designated by the ISU and conducted in the autumn of the calendar year immediately preceding the Olympic Winter Games. The open entries are available only to: one entry per such ISU Member.
b) ISU Members which have earned the necessary points for two or three entries but did not have two respectively three Skaters qualified for the Free Skating/Free Dance at the World Senior Championships immediately preceding the OWG. Such ISU Members are entitled to enter one Skater in the qualifying event who, however, cannot be a Skater that had qualified for the Free the World Senior Championships Skating/Free Dance at immediately preceding the OWG.


5. To be entered into and participate in the Olympic Winter Games a Skater/Pair/Couple must have reached in an ISU recognized International Competition (as per Article 39, paragraph 7 and Rule 107, paragraphs 1 to 9) during the ongoing or immediately preceding season the applicable Combined Total Elements Score (points) established ISU European and Four Continents Championships (see Rule 378, paragraph 4). for
6. However, in case the Host ISU Member went through the normal qualifying procedure and did not qualify under paragraphs 3 or 4 above in any of the disciplines (Women, Men, Pair Skating, Ice Dance), the Host ISU Member shall have the right to enter one Competitor per concerned discipline(s) as additional entry(ies) as long as the concerned Skater(s)/Pair/Couple achieved the Minimum Total Elements Score (points) for the Olympic Winter Games. 7.
6. However, in case the Host ISU Member went through the normal qualifying procedure and did not qualify under paragraphs 3 or 4 above in any of the disciplines (Women, Men, Pair Skating, Ice Dance), the Host ISU Member shall have the right to enter one Competitor per concerned discipline(s) as additional entry(ies) as long as the concerned Skater(s)/Pair/Couple achieved the Minimum Total Elements Score (points) for the Olympic Winter Games. ISU Members who earned entries under the provisions of the paragraphs 2 and 3 above, should, if possible, inform the ISU Secretariat not later than September 15th after the respective Senior World Championships if they intend to use their full quota of entries. In case some of the ISU Members do not intend to use their full quotas of entries, the remaining open entries until number of twenty-four entries in Single Skating, sixteen entries in Pair Skating and nineteen entries in Ice Dance will be filled by increasing the number of entries according to paragraph 4 above.
In the event that the ISU Members do not exercise their right to announce their participation within the prescribed IOC date limit in accordance with paragraphs 3 to 5, stand-by entries will be chosen based on the final result of the designated Senior International Competition (paragraph 4) for those ISU Members not qualified and not yet represented.
9. A list of the set and stand-by entries will be published in an ISU Communication not later than October 30th after the respective Senior World Championships and Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games.
B. Entries Team event
If in the program of the Olympic Winter Games a Team event involving Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance is adopted by the IOC in addition to the existing number of events, the Council in consultation with the IOC shall determine all relevant conditions (number of teams and participants, qualifying/participation/ entry criteria, technical format, starting order, result determination, officials’ participation and other relevant technical and organizational details).


Rule 401 Appointment of Officials to the Olympic Winter Games
1. The Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data & Replay Operators and OAC members for the Figure Skating events of the Olympic Winter Games, and any Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games shall be appointed according to Rules 121 and 126, paragraph 9.
2. The ISU Member for the country in which the Olympic Winter Games are held may recommend to serve not more than two of its own Referees/Technical Controllers/Technical Specialists for Single & Pair Skating plus one Referee/ Technical Controller/Technical Specialist for Ice Dance, including those that are also ISU Office Holders. Such recommendations must be submitted to the respective Sports Technical Director(s), not later than April 1st in the year preceding the Olympic Winter Games.
3. The selected Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data & Replay Operators and OAC members must be contacted by the Organizing Committee not less than ninety days before the start of the Games.
4. The names of the Officials appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Rule must be communicated by the ISU to the Organizing Committee of the National Olympic Committee as well as to the ISU Member concerned.
Rule 402 Panels of Judges for the Olympic Winter Games
1. For the Olympic Winter Games Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance competitions, a) The panel of Judges shall consist of nine Judges per Segment. For each discipline thirteen Judges shall be drawn from those ISU Members which have Skaters qualified for the Olympic Winter Games according to the results of the World Championships of the preceding year in the discipline concerned (with no further changes).
b) All drawn Judges will be on site at the Olympic Winter Games location where all consequent draws to complete panel of nine Judges for each Segment of the respective discipline will be


conducted by the Referee in the manner mentioned in paragraph f) below.
If the number of ISU Members to draw Judges based on the procedure as per paragraph a) above is insufficient for any discipline to complete the panel of nine Judges for the first Segment plus the four additional Judges for the second Segment, the additional ISU Members having the right to send Judges to the Olympic Winter Games will be drawn out of a pool of ISU Members having qualified Skaters/Couples in the respective discipline based on the result of the Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games.
If the number of ISU Members to draw Judges based on the procedure as per paragraphs a) and c) above is insufficient for any discipline to complete the panel of nine Judges for the first Segment plus the four additional Judges for the second Segment, the additional ISU Members having the right to send Judges to the Olympic Winter Games will be drawn out of all remaining ISU Members (other than those included in the draw as per paragraphs a) and c) above) having Skaters/Couples in the respective event in the World Championships of the preceding year.
e) An additional draw might be necessary if at the beginning of the European Figure Skating Championships preceding the Olympic Winter Games there is an insufficient number of named Judges for any discipline of the Olympic Winter Games to complete the panel of nine Judges for the first Segment plus the four additional Judges for the second Segment. Such insufficient number of Judges might be the result of the draws as per paragraphs a), c) and d) above and/or due to ISU Members having been drawn for Judges spots as per paragraph a), c) and d) above who were subsequently unable to name the respective Judges or had to withdraw the named Judges before the beginning of the European Figure Skating Championships. The Judges for each discipline to be drawn to complete the panel of nine Judges for the first Segment plus the four additional Judges for the second Segment will be drawn out of a pool of ISU Members, already drawn and having named Judges in any of the other disciplines for the Olympic Winter Games and willing to serve in the discipline in question as their second event, provided such an ISU Member is not yet represented with a Judge in the respective discipline. Such additional draw requiring the identity of the named Judges concerned, will be made, if necessary, during the European


Figure Skating Championships preceding the Olympic Winter Games.
f) On the site of the Olympic Winter Games an open random draw will be conducted by the Referee 45 minutes prior to the skating of each Segment of the respective event, in the presence of all Judges drawn for this event, to complete the panel of nine Judges. For the first Segment of the event nine Judges will be drawn from all thirteen Judges drawn for the respective event. The seating order will be identical to the order the Judges are drawn. For the second Segment of the event, the four Judges not drawn for the first segment will automatically be assigned to be in the panel of nine Judges for the second Segment and all other Judges serving already in the first Segment will participate in the draw to complete the panel of nine Judges. A separate draw will be held for the seating order of the nine Judges.
g) If a Judge officiating on a panel becomes incapacitated while the skating of a Segment is ongoing, no Alternate Judge will take his place.
h) The basic draw will be conducted after the Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games on site of the Qualifying Competition; the repechage draw, as per paragraph e) above, will be held, if necessary, on site of the European Figure Skating Championships preceding the Olympic Winter Games. The result of these draws will be published by the ISU in a Communication.
In case no Skater/Couple of an ISU Member drawn for Judges spots competes in the Olympic Winter Games, a drawn Judge of the respective ISU Member remains on the Judges panel.
For the Olympic Winter Games and any ISU Qualifying Competitions for those Games, the panel of Judges shall consist only of Judges on the current lists of ISU Referees or ISU Judges for the respective discipline. The inclusion of an ISU Member in any Judges draw is subject to such ISU Member having a qualified seminar for the respective discipline, who has served as a Judge or a Referee at least twice at ISU Championships/Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games, before the draw. Only such Judges can be nominated to serve at the Olympic Winter Games. In addition, in order to be eligible for the Pair Skating, Judges who have never judged Pair Skating at any ISU Championships before must have officiated satisfactorily in at least one International Competition and one ISU Event in Pair Skating during the 48 months preceding the draw for the Olympic Winter Games.


2. For the naming of the Judges and possible Substitute Judges by the ISU Members having been drawn, ISU General Regulations, Rule 138, paragraph 1 c) applies.
3. The names of the Judges proposed by the ISU Members must be announced not later than ten days after publication of the draw results to: their own National Olympic Committee;
the ISU Member holding the Olympic Winter Games Figure Skating competitions;
the ISU Director General;
d) the respective Sports Technical Director(s).
4. The Organizing Committee of the skating Event at the Olympic Winter Games is responsible for providing suitable accommodation for the Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data Operators, Replay Operators and Judges.
Rule 403 Draws at the Olympic Winter Games
All draws will be conducted according to the Rules for ISU Championships. However, the draw for the Short Program/Rhythm Dance in each discipline will be held two days in advance.
Rules 404 – 409 (reserved)


REGULATIONS FOR OFFICIALS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
A. Nomination and appointment of Officials
Rule 410 Process for nomination and appointment of Officials
In accordance with Rules 121 and 122, every ISU Member must, annually before April 15th, nominate to the ISU Director General those individuals who are recommended as follows:
a) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an International
Referee and first appointment;
b) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an ISU Referee
and first appointment;
c) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an International
Judge and first appointment;
d) for ISU Examination to become an ISU Judge and first
appointment;
e) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an International
Technical Controller and first appointment;
f) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an ISU
Technical Controller and first appointment;
g) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an International
Technical Specialist and first appointment;
h) for ISU Seminar and ISU Examination to become an ISU
Technical Specialist and first appointment;
i) for ISU Seminar to become an ISU or International Data & Replay
Operator and first appointment;
2. Nominations must be submitted, and appointments by the ISU must be made, separately for the different qualifications and the different disciplines as follows: a) Referees and Judges
Single & Pair Skating - Ice Dance
b) Technical Controllers and Technical Specialists
Single Skating - Pair Skating - Ice Dance
c) Data & Replays Operators
all disciplines


3. Each nomination of an Official by an ISU Member must be accompanied by the completed official form for the respective discipline and qualification of Official.
4. The ISU Member must verify in accordance with Rules 411 to 417 the qualifications of the individual recommended for the qualification of Official applied for. In the case of national activities required for ISU Examination, first appointment or re-appointment, the ISU Member must submit, together with its nominations, the respective documents confirming these activities such as a list of panel of the event or a statement of the ISU Member or the Referee.
6. Officials can be nominated in the following way:
a) for first appointment: by an ISU Member (Technical Specialists and Technical Controllers also by Technical Committee/ Sports Technical Director(s));
b) for annual re-appointment as an International Official: by the respective Technical Committee unless otherwise informed by the ISU Member as per Rule 122;
c) for annual re-appointment as an ISU Official: by the respective Technical Committee unless otherwise informed by the ISU Member as per Rule 122.
In principle, Officials nominated to be entered on the list of an ISU Member shall have the citizenship of the country of that ISU Member.
8. If an Official nominated to be entered on the list of an ISU Member does not have the citizenship of the country of that ISU Member, the Official must have had a permanent residence in the country of that ISU Member for at least twelve months preceding the nomination. In addition, the ISU Member in the country of which the Official is a citizen must give its approval.
9. a) An Official who has already been on the list of any ISU Member, can be nominated to be entered on the list of another ISU Member only under the following conditions: i) the Official has acquired the citizenship of the country of the ISU Member on whose list he is to be entered and has also taken up permanent residence in that country; or the Official has had dual citizenship and has taken up permanent residence in the country of the ISU Member on whose list he is to be entered and of which he is also a citizen; the ISU Member on whose list the Official was entered before gives its approval.
ii)
iii)


If an Official who has already been on the list of any ISU Member; i) acquires a new citizenship without changing the country of his
permanent residence; or
ii) has had a dual citizenship and agrees to be entered on the list of the ISU Member in the country of his second citizenship, but does not change the country of his permanent residence; or iii) is not given the approval of the ISU Member on whose list the
Official was entered before,
he can be nominated to be entered on the list of another ISU Member only after expiration of twelve months following April 15th of the year during which he was entered on the list of the original ISU Member.
10. Exceptions to paragraphs 7 to 9 of this Rule may be granted by the Vice-President Figure Skating if insisting on satisfying all stated requirements would result in a serious hardship to the Official concerned due to special circumstances of his case.
11. For interpretation of terms "citizenship" and "residence" as well as documents by which citizenship and residence can be proved, reference is made to relevant ISU Communications.
12. Candidates having passed successfully all parts of an ISU Examination to become an Official will immediately be appointed and be added to the current and respective list of Officials of the ISU Member concerned.
13. According to Article 20, paragraph 3.h) the appointment as Officials from among nominated persons requires the initial approval of the respective Technical Committee which prepares a list of the individuals it recommends for appointment and submits that list to the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating. If a nominated person is not included on the Technical Committee’s approved list, an appeal may be made by the nominating ISU Member to the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating whose decision shall be final. Only Officials finally approved by the respective Technical Committee and the ISU Vice- President Figure Skating will be recognized as such. When a nominated person is not approved by the ISU, the reason for such non-approval will be communicated to the nominating ISU Member.
14. The ISU Vice-President Figure Skating may, following consultation with the respective Technical Committee, appoint without prior nomination a maximum of
three names to the lists of Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data & Replay Operators,
six names to the list of Judges.


Persons so appointed by the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating must satisfy all qualification requirements.
15. As ISU Officials are entitled to serve as International Officials in the same function (see Rule 430, General, b)), their names are not included in the list of International Officials.
16. As ISU Referees are entitled to serve as ISU Judges or International Judges (see Rule 430, General, c)), their names are not included in the list of ISU Judges and International Judges.
17. As International Referees are entitled to serve as International Judges (see Rule 430, General, d)), their names are not included in the list of International Judges.
18. The full list of Officials who have been approved by the respective Technical Committee and the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating must be communicated to the ISU Members in accordance with Rule 122. The appointments shall be effective August 1st of each year through July 31st of the following year.
Rule 411 General requirements for nomination and appointment of Officials
1. Each ISU Member shall guarantee that the Referees, Technical Controllers and Judges nominated by it are eligible persons in accordance with Rule 102. In cases of violation of the foregoing, the ISU Member concerned shall lose the right to nominate Officials for the immediately succeeding year and the Referee, Technical Controller or Judge in question shall be removed from the lists. ISU Members must exercise the utmost care to nominate as Officials only competent, reliable, trained, tested and impartial individuals who possess a thorough knowledge of the ISU Rules appropriate to their qualification. Individuals nominated as Officials must have a working knowledge of English appropriate to the duties attached to their qualification.
3. Service and seminar attendance taken into consideration for the specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Officials (see


Rules 412 to 417), are only those in the respective discipline, unless specifically mentioned.
4. For any first appointment, the international service (when applicable) and national service (when applicable) of the concerned Official in the requested qualification(s) must have been considered satisfactory:
for international service: by the respective Technical Committee, for national service: by the respective ISU Member (when the Official is nominated by a ISU Member),
for the period of time preceding the nomination during which the service requirements must be met.
5. For re-appointment of Referees and Judges, Officials who have not been able to meet the service requirement because, although nominated to serve, have not been drawn, shall not be disqualified from re-appointment.
6. a) Any ISU Official, not fulfilling the service and/or seminar/webinar/ online learning modules attendance requirements preceding July 1st for re-appointment to the respective qualification shall be transferred to the list of International Officials of the respective qualification. To be eligible for reinstatement to the position formerly held, the concerned Official then must fulfill the lacking requirement(s) prior to July 1st of the following year. If these requirements are still not fulfilled, the Official remains on the list of International Officials, provided this qualification are fulfilled. fulfilling the service and/or seminar/webinar/online attendance requirements for re-appointment preceding July 1st shall be deleted from the list of International Officials. To be eligible for reinstatement to the position formerly held, the concerned Official then must fulfill the lacking requirement(s) prior to July 1st of the following year. If these requirements are not fulfilled, the Official must again fulfill the requirements for first appointment as an International Official and be nominated accordingly.
c) However, in case the seminar/webinar/online learning modules attendance requirement is not fulfilled because of medically certified illness the consequences stipulated in paragraphs a) and b) above shall not apply for one year.
7. Reinstatement of Officials after suspension for misconduct a) The suspension for misconduct of an Official by the Disciplinary Commission shall apply to all the ISU/International qualifications and disciplines for which the Official was qualified.
b) An Official suspended for misconduct by the Disciplinary


Commission for a specified period of time shall be eligible for reinstatement at the end of that time, as follows, unless a request to the contrary is received from the ISU Member of the Official: (i) an Official suspended for misconduct for up to three seasons shall be reinstated in the position formerly held if he fulfills the age, service and seminar attendance requirements for re- appointment to this qualification as of July 1st preceding the reinstatement. Service in National Competitions during the period of suspension shall not be taken into consideration. If these requirements were not fulfilled (or could not be fulfilled), provisions of paragraph 6 above shall apply;
(ii) to be reinstated, an Official suspended for misconduct for more than three seasons must fulfill the requirements for first appointment as an International Official and be nominated accordingly.
ISU Examinations:
a) The criteria to pass successfully the ISU Examinations to become
an Official are published in ISU Communications.
b) Each ISU Examination to become an Official cannot be taken more than three times by a candidate. In case of two failures, there must be an interval of at least two seasons between the second and the third final attempt.
9. Definitions: for the purpose of Rules 412 to 416,
a) National Competition: means Senior or Junior national, sectional or divisional championships or competition. Service in Advanced Novice national, sectional or divisional championships or competition is considered as activity for first appointment as an International Judge, International Technical Specialist and International Technical Controller (in Ice Dance only).
b) International Competition: means ISU Event, Olympic Winter Games or other International Senior or Junior Competition conducted in accordance with Rule 107, paragraphs 6, 9 or 10, with, for the Segments considered for service requirements, three or more ISU Members participating and:
- Service in International Advanced Novice competitions conducted in accordance with Rule 107 paragraph 11 with the above minimum number of entries and ISU Members participating is considered as an activity for re-appointment in Ice Dance only. Open International Competitions (as per Rule 107, paragraph 14) are not considered for service requirements. 41
for Single Skating: six or more entries, for Pair Skating and Ice Dance: four or more entries.


c) Trial Judging as a judging service: means judging the Segment of an ISU Championships, for which an ISU Judge is not drawn, conducted by a moderator who submits a report to the respective Technical Committee.
d) The number of National or International Competitions considered for service requirements is the number of different Competitions. Different categories/disciplines of a Competition are not considered as different Competitions.
Rule 412 Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Referees
1. To be eligible for first appointment as an International Referee, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st of the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) have been included as International Judge in the three consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials (Rule 122, paragraph 2) immediately preceding the nomination.
ii) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned; iii) possess good communication skills; iv) be able
to take directions and work within a
team
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st
of the calendar year of the nomination: i) as a Referee, in two National Competitions (as per Rule 411,
paragraph 9.a);
ii) as a Judge (or as a Technical Controller for Technical
Committee ISU Members only): - paragraph 9.b).
in three International Competitions (as per Rule 411,
d) Seminar requirements:
i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, an ISU Judges Seminar (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person, ISU Seminar
ii) completes an
for
first appointment of
International Referees (see Rule 417).
e) Examination: passes the ISU Examination to become an
International Referee.


2. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an International Referee, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st of the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Referee, Judge, Trial Judge or Technical Controller in one International Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b).
c) Seminar requirements:
has to fulfill one of the following requirements: i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for International Referees (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person.
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of International Referees organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, an International Referees ISU organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
test
for re-appointment of
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
3. To be eligible for first appointment as an ISU Referee, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st of the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) have been included both as ISU Judge and International Referee in the four consecutive annual ISU Communications for Officials (Rule 122, paragraph 2) immediately preceding the nomination;
ii) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned; iii) possess good communication skills; iv) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination preceding the nomination: i) as a Referee in at least two International Competitions (as per
team


Rule 411, paragraph 9.b).
ii) as a Judge (or as a Technical Controller for Technical Committee Members only) in at least three of the following Competitions: ISU Events or the Olympic Winter Games, at ISU least Championships or the Olympic Winter Games.
two of
these Competitions must be an
d) Seminar requirements:
i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, ISU Judges Seminar (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person,
ii) completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of ISU
Referees (see Rule 417).
e) Examination: passes the ISU Examination to become an ISU
Referee.
4. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an ISU Referee, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st of the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Referee, Judge, Trial Judge or Technical Controller in at least one International Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b);
c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for International Referees (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person.
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (Rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of International/ISU Referees organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding June 30th of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of ISU Referees organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iv) have conducted as Referee, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (Rule 410 paragraph 18), the Initial Judges Meeting (together with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee) and


the Round Table Discussion of an ISU Championships or Olympic Winter Games.
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
Rule 413 Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Judges
1. To be eligible for first appointment as an International Judge, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have reached the age of twenty-four but not the age of sixty before July 1st, in the calendar year of the nomination. If a judge is already on the ISU list of International or ISU Judges/Referees for another ISU figure skating discipline, the age limit of sixty does not apply.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st
of the calendar year of the nomination as a Judge: -
for Single & Pair Skating: in at least three National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a),
for Ice Dance: in at least two National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a)
c) Seminar requirements:
i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Judges Seminar (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person, ii) completes an
first appointment of International Judges (see Rule 417) immediately before the examination.
ISU Seminar
for
d) Examination: passes successfully the written part and practical
part of the ISU Examination to become an International Judge.
2. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an International Judge, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy, before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Referee, Judge, or Technical Controller in one International Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b).


c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for International Judges (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person.
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of International Judges organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of International Judges organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online. d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
3. To be eligible, for first appointment as an ISU Judge, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy, before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background: have been included as International Judge in the four consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials (Rule 122, paragraph 2) immediately preceding the nomination.
c) Service: have served, during the four seasons preceding July 1st
of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Judge: -
for Single & Pair Skating: in at least four International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b) including one Senior and one Junior, one Pair and one ISU Event. The ISU Event must have taken place in the last season preceding the nomination. If the judging service in Pair Skating is insufficient, the Official must have participated in an ISU Seminar for Judges dedicated to Pair Skating during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination. for Ice Dance: in at least three International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b) including one Senior, one Junior and one ISU Event. The ISU Event must have taken place in the last season preceding the nomination.
d) Seminar requirements:
i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (Rule 410, paragraph 18),


an ISU Judges Seminar (see Rule 417, paragraph 1) attended in person.
ii) completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of ISU Judges
(see Rule 417) immediately before the examination.
e) Examination: passes the written part and practical part of the ISU
Examination to become an ISU Judge.
4. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an ISU Judge, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Referee, Judge, Trial Judge, or Technical Controller in at least one International Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b).
c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for Judges (see Rule 417 paragraph 1) attended in person.
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of ISU Judges organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of ISU Judges organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iv) have attended, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, the Initial Judges Meeting (if conducted by the Referee with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee) and the Round Table Discussion of an ISU Championships or Olympic Winter Games (see Rule 417, paragraph 6).
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.


Rule 414 Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Technical Controllers
1. To be eligible for first appointment as an International Technical Controller, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) have been included at least as International Judge in the two consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials (see Rule 122, paragraph 2) the nomination;
immediately preceding
ii) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; iii) possess good communication skills; iv) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Controller in two National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a). d) Seminar requirements: completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of International Technical Controllers (see Rule 417) immediately before the examination.
e) Examination: passes the ISU Examination to become an
International Technical Controller.
2. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an International Technical Controller, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the 3 seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Controller or Technical Specialist in two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b) or National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a). Serving in Pair Skating counts for Single Skating. Serving in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating. c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for first appointment or re-appointment of International Technical Controllers (see Rule 417).
team


ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), International Technical Controllers an organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
ISU Seminar of
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of International Technical Controllers organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
Seminar attendance in Pair Skating counts also for Single Skating. Seminar attendance in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
3. To be eligible for first appointment as an ISU Technical Controller in the respective discipline, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the b) Background:
i) have been included as International Judge, International Referee, ISU Referee or ISU Judge in the four consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials (see Rule 122, paragraph 2) immediately preceding the nomination or have been included as ISU Technical Specialist in the four consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials immediately preceding the nomination;
ii) have been included as an International Technical Controller or as ISU Technical Specialist in the four annual ISU Communications of Officials (Rule 122, paragraph 2) preceding the nomination;
iii) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; iv) possess good communication skills; v) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Controller in a minimum of three competitions at least one of which must be an International Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b), or for ISU Technical Specialists to become ISU Technical Controller have served, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the 49
team


calendar year of the nomination as a Technical Controller in a minimum of two National Competitions.
d) Seminar requirements: completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of ISU Technical Controllers (see Rule 417) immediately prior to the examination.
e) Examination:
i) passes the ISU Examination to become an ISU Technical
Controller or
ii) passes a designated ISU Examination for ISU Technical
Specialist to become an ISU Technical Controller.
4. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an ISU Technical Controller, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the 3 seasons in, preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Controller or Technical Specialist in: -
two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b), or
Serving in Pair Skating counts for Single Skating as well. Serving in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating unless supplemented by a service in Pair Skating as Referee, Judge, or participant or moderator in an ISU Seminar dedicated to Pair Skating.
c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for first appointment or re-appointment of ISU Technical Controllers (see Rule 417).
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of ISU Technical Controllers organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of ISU


Technical Controllers organized and controlled by respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iv) Serving, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), as a Technical Controller in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final or in an ISU Championships or the Olympic Winter Games and attended the Initial Technical Panel Meeting with a mini-seminar conducted with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee and/or a Sports Technical Director.
Seminar attendance in Pair Skating counts also for Single Skating. Seminar attendance in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating.
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
Rule 415 Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Technical Specialists
1. To be eligible for first appointment as an International Technical Specialist, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have reached the age of 24 but not the age of sixty before
July 1st of in the calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) be recruited from the group of Coaches, former competitive
Skaters, or ISU/International Judges or Referees;
ii) be involved on at least a weekly basis for the discipline
concerned on site;
iii) have been a former high level Skater (as a minimum at
national level);
iv) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; v) possess good communication skills; vi) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Specialist in two National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a). d) Seminar requirements: completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of International Technical Specialists (see Rule 417) immediately before the examination.
the
team


e) Examination: passes the ISU Examination to become an
International Technical Specialist.
f) A minimum of two season waiting period must be given between the end of the competitive skating career and the first nomination as a Technical Specialist.
2. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an International Technical Specialist, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Controller or Technical Specialist in two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b) or National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a). Serving in Pair Skating counts for Single Skating. Serving in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating. c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for first appointment or re-appointment of International Technical Specialist (see Rule 417).
ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of International Technical Specialists organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of International Technical Specialists organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online. Seminar attendance in Pair Skating counts also for Single Skating. Seminar attendance in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
3. To be eligible for first appointment as an ISU Technical Specialist, in the respective discipline, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:


i) have been included as an International Technical Specialist in the four consecutive annual ISU Communications of Officials (Rule 122, paragraph 2) preceding the nomination; ii) be recruited from the group of Coaches, former competitive
Skaters, or ISU/International Judges or Referees;
iii) be involved on at least a weekly basis for the discipline
concerned on site;
iv) have been a former high level Skater (as a minimum at
national level);
v) have the highest knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; vi) possess good communication skills; vii) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, during the four seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as a Technical Specialist in minimum three Competitions at least one of which must be an International Competition as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b.
d) Seminar requirements: completes an ISU Seminar for first appointment of ISU Technical Specialists (see Rule 417) immediately before the examination.
e) Examination: passes the ISU Examination to become an ISU
Technical Specialist.
4. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an ISU Technical Specialist, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination preceding the nomination, as Technical Specialist or Technical Controller in: -
two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b), or
Serving in Pair Skating counts for Single Skating. Serving in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating.
c) Seminar requirements: has to fulfill one of the following
requirements: i) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar for first appointment or re-appointment of ISU Technical Specialists (see Rule 417).
team


ii) have completed, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU Seminar of ISU Technical Specialists organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iii) have successfully completed, during the
two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), an ISU test for re-appointment of ISU the Technical Specialists organized and controlled by respective Technical Committee(s) attended online.
iv) Serving, during the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination (rule 410 paragraph 18), as a Technical Specialist in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final or in an ISU Championships or the Olympic Winter Games and attended the Initial Technical Panel Meeting with a mini-seminar conducted with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee and/or a Sports Technical Director.
Seminar attendance in Pair Skating counts also for Single Skating. Seminar attendance in Single Skating does not count for Pair Skating.
d) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
Rule 416 Specific requirements for nomination and appointment of Data & Replay Operators
1. To be eligible for first appointment as an International Data & Replay Operator, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy, before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) be recruited from the group of Coaches, former competitive Skaters, ISU/International Judges or Referees, or persons involved in Figure Skating in any capacity with a good knowledge of data operations and video system;
ii) have a good knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; iii) possess good communication skills; iv) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
team


c) Service: have served, in the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, on data operations and video systems on national level.
d) Seminar requirements: complete an ISU Seminar for Data & Replay Operators (see Rule 417) and be recommended by the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating for this “International” qualification.
2. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an International Data & Replay Operator, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the 3 seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as Data & Replay Operator in both capacities in two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b) or National Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a) Serving in any discipline counts. Serving as a moderator in an ISU Seminar for Data & Replay Operators counts as service in both capacities.
c) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
3. To be eligible for first appointment as an ISU Data & Replay Operator, the Official must fulfill the following requirements: a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Background:
i) be recruited from the group of Coaches, former competitive Skaters, ISU/International Judges or Referees or persons involved in Figure Skating in any capacity with a good knowledge of data operations and video system;
ii) have a good knowledge of the discipline concerned with
regards to the technical aspects; iii) possess good communication skills; iv) be able
to take directions and work within a
environment.
c) Service: have served, in the two seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, on data operations and video systems on national level.
d) Seminar requirements: complete an ISU Seminar for Data & Replay Operators (see Rule 417) and be recommended by the ISU Vice-President Figure Skating for this “ISU” qualification.
4. To be eligible for annual re-appointment as an ISU Data & Replay Operator, the Official must fulfill the following requirements:
team


a) Age: have not reached the age of seventy before July 1st in the
calendar year of the nomination.
b) Service: have served, during the three seasons preceding July 1st of the calendar year of the nomination, as Data & Replay Operator in both capacities in: -
two International Competitions (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.b), or
one ISU Event and one National Competition (as per Rule 411, paragraph 9.a).
Serving in any discipline counts. Serving as a moderator in an ISU Seminar for Data & Replay Operators counts as service in both capacities.
c) Consequences of not meeting the service and/or seminar attendance requirements are listed in Rule 411, paragraph 6.
Rule 417 ISU Seminars for Officials
ISU Members are required to apply for and to organize ISU in person seminars covering the purposes of first appointment of International and ISU Judges, re-appointment of International and ISU Judges and re-appointment of International and ISU Referees, either alone or in conjunction with another (other) ISU Member(s), when necessary. The application for organizing such ISU Seminars must be made by the organizing ISU Member to the ISU Director General with a copy to the Chair of the respective Technical Committee not later than January 1st.
2. The dates and locations of ISU Seminars for Officials, as well as their requirements, are purposes announced in ISU Communications.
3. Applications to complete ISU Seminars for Officials can be made: a) for ISU Seminars for first appointment: by their ISU Members (Technical Specialists also by respective Technical Committee or Sports Technical Director(s)), for ISU Seminars for re-appointment for ISU and International Officials: by their ISU Members or in the case of online learning modules/tests, by individual Officials themselves.
4. The nomination of Officials for participation in an ISU Seminar for Technical Controllers or Technical Specialists and/or the ISU Examination to become a Technical Controller or a Technical Specialist requires the initial confirmation of the respective Technical Committee and needs to be presented to the ISU Vice President Figure Skating for final confirmation. 56


5. To consider the activity as Referee of an ISU Championship or the Olympic Winter Games, as an ISU Seminar requirement for re- appointment of Referees, the following is required:
the Initial Judges Meeting conducted by the Referee together with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee; the Round Table Discussion must be conducted by the Referee; the activity as a Referee for these Championships or the Olympic Winter Games is considered acceptable by the respective Technical Committee.
6. The Initial Judges Meeting (if conducted by the Referee and the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee) and the Round Table Discussion of an ISU Championships or the Olympic Winter Games together count as an ISU Seminar requirement for re- appointment of Judges only (not for re-appointment of Referees and not for promotion of Referees and Judges).
7. Serving in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final (combined Junior and Senior), an ISU Championships or the Olympic Winter Games in a discipline as a Technical Controller (respectively as a Technical Specialist) with a mini-seminar: - conducted during the Initial Technical Panel Meeting with the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee and/or a Sports Technical Director, concluded by a report prepared by the officiating Technical Controllers in consultation with the Sports Technical Directors on site and attached to their reports (see Rule 433, paragraph 2),
counts as an ISU Seminar requirement for re-appointment of Technical Controllers (respectively of Technical Specialists) in the discipline served.
8. Serving as a moderator in an ISU Seminar for Officials in the respective qualification of Referee, Judge, Technical Controller or Technical Specialist meets the seminar requirements for re- appointment in that qualification.
9. Seminar attended online and online re-appointment tests, organized and controlled by the respective Technical Committee(s), can be also valid to fulfill the requirements for the re-appointment requirements for Referee, Judges, Technical Controllers and Technical Specialists in the respective disciplines (Not for promotion).
10. Taking part in any examination for first appointment or promotion will be considered as a valid seminar requirement for re-appointment only for the category and disciplines related to the examination for 2 seasons.


Rule 418 – 419 (reserved)


B. Appointment of Officials to competitions
Rule 420 Appointment of Officials to International Competitions (general)
1. As per Rule 121, paragraph 2, the ISU Member holding an International Competition is entitled to appoint the Officials, with exceptions for: - - other ISU Events: see Article 16, paragraph 2.f) of the Constitution,
Olympic Winter Games and Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games: see Rules 401 and 402,
2. Appointments of Officials by the ISU President are made in accordance with Article 16, paragraph 2.f) of the Constitution.
3. The following Officials are recommended:
a) Referee; b) a panel of a minimum of five, if possible, and a maximum of nine
Judges;
c) a Technical Controller; d) two Technical Specialists; e) a Data Operator; f) a Replay Operator.
4. The names of the Referees, the Technical Controllers, the Technical Specialists, Data and Replay Operators actually serving at International Competitions as well as the names of those Judges nominated but not drawn must be announced to the ISU Secretariat within two weeks after the conclusion of the competition, by the Organizing ISU Member.
5. a) For all ISU Events, Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games and the Olympic Winter Games, the Referee, Technical Controller and the Technical Specialists must not be from the same ISU Member and all must be designated ISU. b) For all other International Competitions, if possible, the Technical Controller and the Technical Specialists must not be from the same ISU Member and all must be designated ISU. As an exception in extenuating circumstances, one national Technical Specialist or one national Data or Replay Operator from the host ISU Member may be used as Technical Specialist or Data or Replay Operator. In this case, this Technical Specialist or Data or Replay Operator must be designated to represent his ISU Member.


c) For the results from any International Competition to count towards ISU Championship qualification, or for world standings or world rankings, the following conditions must be met: i) the Technical Controller and the Technical Specialists must not
be from the same ISU Member, and
ii) a panel of a minimum of five judges is required, and, no ISU Member can have the majority of the Judges on any panel. iii) In exceptional situations, the Referee’s marks are considered for the results in order to ensure the required minimum number of five judges.
See also Rule 121 of the General Regulations.
6. a) In International Competitions the minimum age of National officials acting in the categories Basic Novice, Intermediate Novice and Advanced Novice shall be twenty-one years. b) In International Competitions the maximum age of National officials acting in the categories Basic Novice, Intermediate Novice and Advanced Novice shall be seventy-five years.
ISU Members organizing International Competitions must do their utmost, in composing the panels of Judges, to secure representation on the panels of Judges from as many participating ISU Members as possible. However, no ISU Member can have the majority of the Judges on any panel. As an exception in extenuating circumstances, if the number of the Judges present is insufficient to compose the panel, one national Judge from the Host ISU Member may be used provided that Judge has been trained in the use of the ISU Judging System.
In composing the panel of Judges for the Ice Dance event of International Competitions which also contain Single & Pair Skating events, Judges who are only entitled to serve in Ice Dance must be given first consideration.
9. a) For ISU Senior and Junior Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final and for the Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Winter Games, the Judges draw will be made on site. b) When composing the panel for the Qualifying Competition for the Olympic Games, priority should be given, if possible, to the ISU Members entering a Skater/Couple in the event.


Rule 421 Appointments of Officials to ISU Championships (special Rule)
1. The Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data & Replay Operators, and OAC members shall be appointed according to Rules 121 and 129, paragraph 4 of the General Regulations.
2. The Organizing ISU Member may recommend to serve not more than two of its own Referees/Technical Controllers/Technical Specialists for Single & Pair Skating and one of its Referees/Technical Controllers/Technical Specialists for Ice Dance, including those who are also ISU Office Holders. Such recommendations must be submitted to the respective Sports Technical Director(s) not later than May 1st.
3. The selected Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists, Data & Replay Operators and OAC members, must be contacted by the Organizing ISU Member not less than sixty days before the start of the Championships.
4. A member of the Organizing Committee of an ISU Championship may not serve as a Referee, Technical Controller, Technical Specialist, Data & Replay Operator, OAC member or Judge at the Championship concerned.
5. For the composition of the panel of Judges, Rule 521 applies.
Rule 422 Appointment of Officials to the Olympic Winter Games (special Rule)
Rules 401 and 402 apply.
Rule 423-429 (reserved)


C. Duties and powers of Officials
Rule 430 General and specific duties and powers
General
a) The category of Officials (“ISU” or “International”) able to officiate at the different ISU sanctioned events and related restrictions are described in Rule 121 of the General Regulations.
ISU Officials in the respective discipline(s) (Single & Pair Skating or Ice Dance) are automatically entitled to serve as International Officials of the same function in the respective discipline(s).
ISU Referees in the respective discipline(s) (Single & Pair Skating or Ice Dance) are automatically entitled to serve as ISU or International Judges in the respective discipline(s).
International Referees in the respective discipline(s) (Single & Pair Skating or Ice Dance) are automatically entitled to serve as International Judges in the respective discipline(s).
e) Officials must adhere fully to the ISU Code of Ethics.
f) Officials must:
keep themselves fully informed about all matters concerning the performance of their duties in the current General Regulations and Special Regulations and Technical Rules, ISU Communications and Manuals, Handbooks and Booklets and all updates published on the ISU website;
have a satisfactory standard of eyesight, hearing and general physical condition in order to perform their duties;
comport themselves with discretion as ISU appointed Officials; - not show bias for or against any Competitor on any grounds; - be completely impartial and neutral at all times; - base their marks and decisions only on the performance and not be influenced by reputation or past performance;
disregard public applause or disapproval; - not discuss their marks or decisions and marks or decisions of other Officials during the competition with any person other than the Referee and/or, for members of the Technical Panel only, the other members of the Technical Panel of the part of the discipline in which they are serving;
not serve as
in communication with the media, television, or others except through the Referee of the part of the Competition in which they are serving;
television commentator nor engage


Any form of electronic communication devices such as mobile phones, tablets or smart watches must be switched off while the officials are on the officials' stand. There will be an exception when the Technical Panels need to refer to the Digital Version of the Technical Handbook. Devices such as tablets may be used but all electronic communication functions must be disabled. ISU Officials must not act as a Team Leader (or Assistant) in ISU Figure Skating (Single & Pair Skating/Ice Dance) Championships or Olympic Winter Games in the same season during which they serve as Referee, Judge, Technical Controller, Technical Specialist or OAC member in ISU Figure Skating (Single & Pair Skating /Ice Dance) Championships or Olympic Winter Games
No official participating in an International Figure Skating event in any capacity may make any negative comment to the public concerning such event.
1. Duties and powers of the Referee -
checks the observance of all eligibility Rules, the ISU clearance certificates and verifies the correctness of the calculation setup, unless the ISU Event Manager is present; together with the medical advisor/competition physician, approves any medical appliances containing metal or hard plastic in advance of the competition (see Rule 141, paragraph 2); conducts all the draws for the starting order and (Ice Dance only) Pattern Dance(s);
manages the panel of Judges (including ensuring that they do not, while on the Judges stand, bring notes from previously awarded scores or any form of electronic communication, nor communicate with one another or indicate errors by action or sound, nor look at marks being inputted by Judges sitting alongside them) and acts as the responsible spokesperson of the Officials should the need arise; conducts the Initial Judges Meeting (see Rule 431) and a meeting with the Judges prior to every Segment of an event according to the ISU guidelines; checks the compliance of warm up periods with Rule 514; times the duration needed by the Competitors to take the starting position and decides upon subsequent possible withdrawal or deduction (see Rule 350); takes necessary actions related to delayed start or restart as per Rule 515, including instructing the person in charge of music to stop or restart the music of a Competitor; decides whether the condition of the ice permits the holding of the event; decides upon all protests on the event concerned;


alters the shape and size of the skating surface if unfavorable circumstances arise; accepts in agreement with the Organizing ISU Member or affiliated Club, another rink for the holding of the event; times, with the assistance of a timekeeper, the program as skated, possible interruptions (see Rules 503 and 515), Dance Lifts (Ice Dance only with the assistance of a second timekeeper); times the tempo of Pattern Dance music chosen by Couples and the tempo of specified parts of Rhythm Dance (when applicable) (Ice Dance only); decides upon the deductions according to Rule 353, paragraph 1. n) for the following violations: program time, interruptions in performing the program, interruption of the program with allowance to resume from the point of interruption, part of the costume/decoration falls on the ice, Dance Lifts exceeding permitted duration (Ice Dance only) and tempo specifications (Ice Dance only); together with the panel of Judges, decides upon the deductions according to Rule 353, paragraph 1. n) for the violation of the following requirements or restrictions: costume/prop, choreography and (Ice Dance only) music. Those deductions are applied according to the opinion of the majority of the panel which includes all the Judges and the Referee. No deduction is made in case of a 50:50 split vote; judges the complete event; suspends skating until the order is restored in case the public interrupts the competition or interferes with its orderly conduct; excludes Competitors from the event, if necessary; removes Judge(s) from the panel, if necessary and based on important and valid reasons; forbids any coach at any time during the course of the competition to be on any part of the ice surface of the rink on which the competition is taking place; decides any matter concerning breaches of the ISU Constitution or Regulations;
moderates the Round Table Discussion according to ISU guidelines
(see Rule 431) prepares the Report (online or using the electronic form) on the event according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 433).
2. Duties of the Judges -
use the whole range of Grade of Execution values and Program Component marks;
mark independently and whilst judging do not converse with another Judge or indicate errors by action or sound;


do not use previously prepared marks; together with the Referee, decide upon the deductions according to Rule 353, paragraph 1. n) for the violation of the following requirements or restrictions: costume/prop, choreography (Ice Dance only) and music. Those deductions are applied according to the opinion of the majority of the panel which includes all the Judges and the Referee. No deduction is made in case of a 50:50 split vote; attend the Initial Judges Meeting (see Rule 431) and the meeting held by the Referee prior to every Segment of an event according to the ISU guidelines; attend the Round Table Discussion moderated by the Referee according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 431).
3. Duties and powers of the Technical Controller authorizes or corrects the deletion of elements; - supervises the Technical Specialists and Data Operator and - proposes corrections, if necessary, respecting any performed element and Level of Difficulty identified by both serving Technical Specialists. However, if both Technical Specialists disagree with a correction asked for by the Technical Controller, the initial decision of the Technical Specialists stands. In the case a disagreement about an element and/or Level of Difficulty exists between the two Technical Specialists, the decision of the Technical Controller prevails;
The Technical Controller is responsible to verify that the performed elements and Levels of Difficulty identified in accordance with the above-mentioned procedure are correctly introduced into the system by the Data Operator and the performed elements and Levels of Difficulty may be validated only upon formal confirmation by the Technical Controller that such verification has been completed; authorizes Elements/Movements; of
authorizes or corrects the identification of a Fall, which occurred in any part of the program, including introductory and concluding steps/movements in Pattern Dance. However, if both Technical Specialists disagree with a correction on Illegal Elements/Movements or Falls asked for by the Technical Controller, the initial decision of the technical Specialists stands. In case of disagreement relating to an illegal element or a fall between the two Technical Specialists, the decision of the Technical Controller prevails; attends the sufficient practice sessions of the competition to make necessary preparation; conducts the Initial Technical Panel Meeting (see Rule 432) and a meeting with the Technical Specialists and the Data & Replay Operators prior to every Segment of an event according to the ISU


guidelines;
moderates the Technical Panel Discussion according to ISU
guidelines (see Rule 432); if possible, assists the Referee in moderating the Round Table Discussion according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 431); prepares the Report on the event according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 433).
4) Communication between the Referee and Controller If possible, there should be direct communication between the Referee and the Technical Controller during the competition. the Technical
5. Duties of the Technical Specialist
The Technical Specialist - -
identifies and calls the performed elements; identifies and calls correct Levels of Difficulty of the performed elements; identifies Illegal Elements/Movements; identifies a fall, which occurred in any part of the program, including introductory and concluding steps/movements in Pattern Dance; identifies and deletes additional elements. attend the sufficient practice sessions for due preparation of the competition; attend the Initial Technical Panel Meeting (see Rule 432) and the meeting held by the Technical Controller prior to every Segment of an event according to the ISU guidelines; attend the Technical Panel Discussion moderated by the Technical Controller according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 432).
6. Duties of the Data & Replay Operator
The Data Operator - - -
inputs the called elements; inputs the Levels of Difficulty of the elements as called; corrects elements or Levels of Difficulty as instructed by the Technical Controller; indicates additional elements identified by the computer to the Technical Specialists and to the Technical Controller.
The Replay Operator -
records each element separately to enable the Technical Panel, the Referee and the Judges to review the element when necessary.


The Data & Replay Operators - -
support the Technical Specialists and the Technical Controller; attend the Initial Technical Panel Meeting (see Rule 432) and the meeting held by the Technical Controller prior to every Segment of an event according to the ISU guidelines; attend, when possible, the Technical Panel Discussion moderated by the Technical Controller according to ISU guidelines (see Rule 432).
Rule 431 Meetings at Competitions for Referees and Judges
1. Initial Judges Meeting and Pre-Event Meeting at Championships, ISU Events and Olympic Winter Games Judges of ISU Championships, ISU Events and Olympic Winter Games must attend an Initial Judges Meeting moderated by the Referee and the Chair or a member of the respective Technical Committee, if present, and, if possible, the Technical Controller, held before the competition starts and a Pre-Event Meeting moderated by the Referee immediately preceding the beginning of the competition. In the Initial Judges Meeting the moderators must draw to the attention of the Judges in brief summary the Rules relating to the duties of Judges and the marking of Single or Pair Skating or Ice Dance with special attention being paid to any changes in Rules or in their interpretation or clarification that have been officially published. In the Pre Event Meeting the focus shall be on the essentials of the elements of the respective segment of the competition.
Judges Meeting at International Competitions Judges of International Competitions must attend a Judges Meeting to be held immediately before the beginning of the competition. The exact time and the format of this meeting will be determined by the Referee. However, this meeting shall include at least a brief summary of all topics to be covered in the Initial Judges Meeting and the Pre Event Meeting of ISU Championships, ISU Events and Olympic Winter Games.
2. Round Table Discussion (RTD)
Judges of International Competitions, ISU Championships and Olympic Winter Games, must attend a closed meeting (Round Table Discussion) with the Referee and, if possible, the Technical Controller, held as soon as possible after conclusion of each discipline but not later than the following day of the discipline in question. The Technical Controller may participate in the Round Table Discussion concerning 67


the event in which he officiated. The Chair or a member of the Technical Committee may be present at any Round Table Discussion. The Referee shall, if possible, include video from the competition in the RTD. For ISU Events, the Referee must include video from the competition in the RTD. The following topics will be discussed during the meeting, with a purpose of feedback among Judges and to reach a consensus to assist the ISU for future judging guidelines: - general quality of skating; -
range of points for elements and each of the Program Components of selected Skaters, without establishing a range of acceptable scores (this will be established by the Officials Assessment Commission in accordance with the procedure established by the ISU Council);
application and validity of current regulations; - possible improvements to the marking guide, equipment, the print- outs and the flow of information both internally and externally. During the discussion the Judges will be encouraged to express their opinions. The discussion will not be used to criticize individuals judging the discipline in question.
Rule 432 Meetings at Competitions for Technical Panels
Initial Technical Panel Meeting Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists and Data & Replay Operators of International Competitions, ISU Championships, and Olympic Winter Games must attend a closed meeting (Initial Technical Panel Meeting) moderated by the Technical Controller held before the competition starts. The moderators must draw to the attention of the Officials in brief summary form the Rules relating to the duties of Technical Panels and the calling specifications with special attention being paid to any changes in calling specifications or in their interpretation or clarification that have been officially published. At ISU Championships, the Olympic Winter Games and ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final (combined Junior and Senior), this meeting must be moderated by the Chair and/or a member of the respective Technical Committee and/or a Sports Technical Director for the purposes of Rule 417, paragraph 7.
2. Technical Panel Discussion
Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists and, when possible, Data ISU & Replay Operators of
International Competitions,


Championships and Olympic Winter Games, must attend a closed meeting (Technical Panel Discussion) moderated by the Technical Controller, held as soon as possible after conclusion of each discipline but not later than the following day of the discipline in question. The following topics will be discussed during the meeting, with a purpose of feedback among Officials and to reach a consensus to assist the ISU for future guidelines: - - - -
evaluation of teamwork; evaluation of service; difficult decisions; possible the calling specifications, the equipment, the print-outs and the flow of information both internally and externally.
improvements
Rule 433 Reports
1. For Advanced Novice in Ice Dance and for Junior and Senior in Singles, Pairs and Ice Dance competitions the Referee shall prepare a report (online or using the electronic form) of the competition on a standard form which shall cover the following topics: - - - standard of organization: standard of skating in each segment: standard of judging and the ability of each judge to communicate his understanding of the rules and their applications; summary of Round Table Discussion
- additional remarks (if necessary); - proposals for improvement; - - documentation on withdrawals. A report has to be written only if the competition category fulfils the requirement of an International Competition, i.e. more than one ISU Member took part. If this is not the case, the Referee must notify the ISU Secretariat. In case of special incidences, the Referee for Basic or Intermediate and Advanced Novice in Singles and Pairs competitions shall inform the ISU by sending an individual report. In Ice Dance, the Referee for Basic or Intermediate competitions shall inform the ISU by sending an individual report.
correctness of the calculation setup (except for ISU Events);
2. For Advanced Novice in Ice Dance and for Junior and Senior in Singles, Pairs and Ice Dance competitions, the Technical Controller shall prepare a report (online or using the electronic form) on a


standard form of the competition, in which the following areas are to be identified: - evaluation of teamwork; - evaluation of the Technical Specialists work; - evaluation of the Data Operator work; - evaluation of the Replay Operator work; - - additional remarks (if necessary); - proposals for improvement.
summary of Technical Panel Discussion;
3. The Referee and the Technical Controller shall send their respective reports within fourteen days following the competition to the ISU Secretariat. Upon well-grounded request, the ISU Secretariat may extend this time limit by up to a maximum of fourteen days if compelling circumstances so warrant, provided the request has been sent to the ISU Secretariat within the original time limit. The ISU Secretariat shall send copies of the reports as soon as possible to the following persons: a) the Chair and each member of the respective Technical b) the respective Sports Technical Directors.
Rule 434 – 439 (reserved)


D. Evaluation of service by Officials
Rule 440
1. Officials Assessment Commission
a) The composition and the duties of the Officials Assessment Commission (OAC) are defined in Article 23 of the Constitution and the related Rules of Procedure published in an ISU Communication.
b) For all ISU Events, Olympic Winter Games and Winter Youth Olympic Games, two OAC members for each discipline (Single & Pair Skating and Ice Dance) shall be appointed by the ISU President as per Article 16, paragraph 2.f) of the Constitution. The appointed OAC members shall conduct the relevant evaluations in accordance with this Rule 440 and the Rules of Procedure published in an ISU Communication.
2. Evaluation of anomalies in the Judges’ scores at ISU Events (and Olympic Winter Games and Winter Youth Olympic Games)
a) The OAC members shall prepare a report for each competition, including the identification of anomalies in the Judges’ scores which in their opinion are errors and/or indicate (national) bias (as per Article 23 of the Constitution and the related Rules of Procedure published in an ISU Communication). This report shall be made available without delay to the respective Technical Committee through the ISU Secretariat.
b) The respective Technical Committee shall proceed with its evaluation of the OAC report and send its own report to the ISU Secretariat as soon as possible. If the Technical Committee disagrees on any determination of errors and/or indications of (national) bias by the OAC members, it shall consult them to achieve a consensus. If a disagreement prevails, the Vice President Figure Skating will have the final decision.
c) If the respective Technical Committee identifies anomalies in Judges’ scores which the OAC members have not evaluated it shall inform the respective Sports Technical Director who shall decide whether these anomalies are to be considered as determined errors and/or (national) bias.


d) The respective Technical Committee shall evaluate cases of identified errors and/or national bias in a Judge’s score for possible Assessment and issue Assessments in accordance with paragraph 6 below and the criteria established in the related Rules of Procedure published in an ISU Communication.
e) Cases of indicated (national) bias shall be submitted by the respective Technical Committee and/or the respective Sports Technical Director and/or the Vice President Figure Skating and/or the Council to the ISU Disciplinary Commission (DC) by filing a Statement of Complaint for violation of the ISU Code of Ethics. In addition, a further Assessment is to be issued according to paragraph 6 below. The same applies for any further (national) bias by the same Judge. Any Letter of Warning and/or Assessment for (national) bias and its underlying facts shall be taken into consideration as relevant evidence in any further case involving the same Judge where the conclusion of the presence of (national) bias is not solely based on his marking at the competition under evaluation but supported by a certain scoring pattern of the Judge which is revealed only by observation of his marking at several competitions.
3. Principles of calculating Anomalies: a) Grade of Execution (GOE)
i) For each element performed the computer calculates the average GOE of all the Judges. The GOE’s awarded by the Referee are NOT used in this calculation.
ii) The computer then calculates the difference per element between the “calculated average” and each Judge’s GOE’s which results in “Deviation Points”.
b) Program Component Scores (PCS)
i) For each Program Component, the computer calculates the average scores of all the Judges. The Program Components scores awarded by the Referee are NOT used in this calculation.
ii) The computer then calculates the difference between the “calculated average” and the Judges Program Components scores which results in “Deviation Points”.
iii) The Total Deviation points for each Judge will be added to provide a Total Net Deviation Points (+ and – Deviation Points compensate each other) based on all Program Components totaled.
c) The acceptable range of Deviation points and all subsequent
procedures will be laid down in an annual ISU Communication.


4. Evaluation of the decisions of the Technical Panel, the operation of Data & Replay Operators and of the decisions of or the conduct of competition by the Referee at ISU Events, Olympic Winter Games and Winter Youth Olympic Games a) If: - - - - - - the OAC members appointed to the competition and/or, the ISU President and/or the ISU Council and/or the respective Sports Technical Director(s), and/or the respective Technical Committee and/or for decisions of the Technical Panel only: the serving Referee as per the outcome of the Judges Round Table Discussion (Judges or the Referee noticed certain discrepancies), consider a decision by the Technical Panel, an operation of the Data or Replay Operator or a decision of or the conduct of the competition by the Referee as erroneous they shall file a report to the Vice-President Figure Skating outlining the identified wrong decision, wrong operation or wrong conduct of the competition in consistent and detailed remarks with indication of the applicable Rules.
b) Upon receipt by the Vice-President Figure Skating, or upon his own cognition of a respective mistake of a report identifying a wrong decision by the Technical Panel, a wrong operation of the Data or Replay Operator or of a wrong decision or wrong conduct of a competition by the Referee, the Vice-President Figure Skating shall inform the respective Technical Committee and the concerned Official, requesting him to inform in writing within two weeks whether he acknowledges or contests the alleged mistake. In case of contest the Vice-President Figure Skating shall send the respective report, together with the relevant video recordings, if available, to the respective Technical Committee and to three Officials, selected by him for review at their residence. The selected Officials shall not be informed of the identity of the other selected Officials. The selected Officials must be from different ISU Members and must not be from the same ISU Member as the concerned Technical Panel members, the concerned Data or Replay Operator or the concerned Referee and any Skater(s) affected by the respective potential wrong decision or wrong conduct of the competition. The three selected Officials shall be composed as follows: (i) for Technical Panels: one ISU Technical Controller and one
ISU Technical Specialist,


for Referees: two ISU Referees, for Data & Replay Operators: one ISU Technical Controller and one ISU Data & Replay Operator
(ii) one member of the respective Technical Committee. If a member of the respective Technical Committee is subject to the evaluation, no Technical Committee member shall be included in the selected Officials. Instead a second ISU Technical Controller or ISU Technical Specialist respectively a third ISU Referee and a second ISU Data & Replay Operator shall be selected.
c) In cases concerning a wrong decision by the Technical Panel the Vice-President Figure Skating shall first check the available video recordings and the audio records of the Technical Panel discussions in order to establish if such decision has been made as a majority or split decision of the Technical Panel or if the decision was due to an erroneous operation by the Data Operator or the Replay Operator. He then shall proceed according to paragraph b) above with respect to the Officials responsible for the alleged wrong decision.
d) The selected Officials and the respective Technical Committee shall forward their conclusions whether the relevant decision, operation or conduct of the competition was wrong or not, independently from each other to the Vice-President Figure Skating. If the majority of the selected Officials concludes that the decision or operation or conduct of the competition in question was wrong, the Vice-President Figure Skating shall submit the case, together with the report of the respective Technical Committee and his detailed report with his own evaluation of the matter to the Council for final decision upon an Assessment or, in case of minor failures, a Letter of Warning.
5. Evaluation of reports of Referees and reports of Technical Controllers The respective Technical Committee shall rate the quality of the reports of the Referees and of the reports of the Technical Controllers for all ISU Events and International Competitions (including the Olympic Winter Games and the Winter Youth Olympic Games) based on documentation delivered according to Rule 433 as very good, good, acceptable/average, mediocre or poor. The respective qualification shall be added to the records of the concerned Referees and Technical Controllers. If any report is rated as poor the respective Technical Committee shall issue an Assessment according to paragraph 6 below.


6. Assessments
a) Erroneous marking, national bias, being part of the majority in a wrong decision of the Technical Panel involving a striking difference per Skater/Pair/Couple, wrong decisions and wrong conduct of a competition by the Referee, poor reports by the Referee or by the Technical Controller and wrong operations by Data & Replay Operators shall be subject to Letter of Warning or Assessment 1 in a first case, Assessment 2 if an Assessment 1 had been issued before and Assessment 3, if an Assessment 2 had been issued before.
b) Letters of Warning or Assessments against Judges shall generally be decided by the respective Technical Committee. Assessments against members of the Technical Panel, Referees, and Data & Replay Operators by the Council, except for Letters of Warning or Assessments for poor reports by the Referees and Technical Controllers, which shall be decided by the respective Technical Committee (see paragraph 5).
7. Demotions a)
If an accumulation of Assessments for an Official leads to an Assessment 3, the ISU Body responsible for the respective Assessment (paragraphs 2. d), 4.c) and 6.b) shall demote the Official with immediate effect as follows: i) ISU Judges, Referees Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists and Data & Replay Operators: shall be transferred to the respective list of International Officials; ii) International Judges Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists and Data & Replay Operators shall be deleted from the respective list of International Officials.
b) Before a Demotion is decided, the following procedure shall be
followed: If an Assessment 3 is issued, the Official concerned and his ISU Member shall be notified through the ISU Secretariat about his possible Demotion. The Official may, within five days upon receipt of the notification, contest a Demotion by challenging any of its underlying Assessments and request a hearing with at least three members of: i) the respective Technical Committee in cases concerning
Judges.
ii) the Figure Skating Branch of the ISU Council, who may appoint additional experts, in cases concerning Referees, Technical Controllers, Technical Specialists or Data & Replay Operators.


If a hearing is requested it shall be held without delay, at a date and time to be determined by the hearing Body, if possible and unless the hearing Body considers an in-person hearing as necessary due to special circumstances, by means of a video- conference.
At the hearing the Official shall be given the opportunity to explain why, in his opinion, a Demotion and the underlying Assessments, in his view, is/were not justified. For supporting his explanations, he may use available video and/or audio recordings.
Upon conclusion of the hearing the hearing Body shall prepare a report on the hearing, including its recommendation to maintain or revoke any challenged Assessment. The respective Technical Committee, respectively the Council shall decide whether to revoke or maintain any challenged Assessment. If the contested Assessment(s) is/are confirmed or if the Official has renounced at a hearing the respective Technical Committee respectively the Council shall proceed to Demotion according to section 6.a) above.
Any expenses related to the hearing shall generally be for the Official’s account. However, if the hearing Body has called for an in-person hearing and if any of the contested Assessment is revoked travel board and lodging expenses of the Official shall be borne by the ISU.
8. Effectiveness and duration of validity of Assessments and Demotions a) An Assessment or a Demotion shall be effective only for the concerned qualification, i.e. Referee, Judge, Technical Controller, Technical Specialist or Data & Replay Operator.
b) Assessments and Demotions concerning Judges, Technical Controllers and Technical Specialists shall be effective only for the discipline in which they have received an Assessment or Demotion, i.e. Single & Pair Skating or Ice Dance.
c) Assessments and Demotions of Referees and Data & Replay Operators shall be effective for all disciplines, including Synchronized Skating.
d) For Referees Assessments received in different disciplines,
including Synchronized Skating, are added.
e) For Technical Specialists acting also as Technical Controller (and vice versa) Assessments received in these different functions are added.


f) Each Assessment shall remain valid for the current season plus additional two seasons and shall count during such period of time towards an accumulation of Assessments.
g) A Demotion shall remain valid until the concerned Official is reinstated in the position formerly held by having fulfilled the requirements for first appointment to this position, as per Rules 410 to 416.
h) If the majority of Judges (or Referees when serving as Judges) of an ISU Member have been suspended for misconduct and/or demoted subsequently to Assessments and/or warranted Assessments over a period of several years, the Council may decide that this ISU Member will be warned or will lose the right to appoint Judges to ISU Championships and/or Olympic Winter Games and Youth Olympic Winter Games and/or International Competitions for such a period as the Council may decide. In the exercise of this power, however, the Council shall not generally take into consideration cases having occurred more than five years before the decision.
9. Notification of Letters of Warning, Assessments and Demotions The ISU Body issuing a Letter of Warning, an Assessment or a Demotion shall instruct the ISU Secretariat to notify the Official concerned with a copy to his ISU Member and the respective Technical Committee.
10. Sanctions for violations of the Duties of Officials and ethical offenses a) Any violation of the Duties of Officials as defined in Rule 430, erroneous marking, wrong decisions by Technical Panels, wrong operations of Data & Replay Operators, wrong decisions or wrong conduct of competitions by Referees and poor reports are subject to Assessment (Paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 above). Any other violations of the Duties of Officials as defined in Rule 430, including violations of the ISU Code of Ethics, if committed with any degree of fault (intent, gross negligence, recklessness, carelessness etc.) are disciplinary/ethical by nature and can be subject to disciplinary sanctions according to Article 25, paragraph 9 of the Constitution.
b) Any violation of the Duties of Officials which is at the same time a violation of the ISU Code of Ethics, can also be submitted to the ISU Disciplinary Commission.
c) Any violation of the ISU Code of Ethics, if committed with any degree of fault more serious than minor negligence are subject to disciplinary sanctions according to Article 25, paragraph 9 of the


Constitution and shall be submitted to the ISU Disciplinary Commission. In case of a disciplinary/ethical violation, committed with minor negligence, by any Official who has never been subject to any disciplinary sanctions and/or any Letter of Warning before, the respective Technical Committee and/or Sports Technical Director shall issue a Letter of Warning, making mention of the violation in question and further disciplinary/ethical violation of the Duties of Officials might lead to a Statement of Complaint to the Disciplinary Commission. Any further disciplinary/ethical violation of the Duties of Officials shall be submitted to the Disciplinary Commission, except for particularly minor cases for which the imposing of any disciplinary sanction would obviously be disproportionate; in such cases (a) further Letter(s) of Warning shall be issued
informing
the Official
that any
d) Statements of Complaint regarding disciplinary/ethical violations of the Duties of Officials and/or ethical offenses shall be filed with the Disciplinary Commission in accordance with the DC Rules of Procedure by the respective Technical Committee, and/or the respective Sports Technical Director and/or the Vice President Figure Skating and/or by the ISU Council. If the concerned Official is a member of the respective Technical Committee the Statement of Complaint shall be filed by the Council.
e) Statements of Complaint shall be based on the own observations of the filing body and/or reports received from any third person, in particular but not limited to reports received from Referees, members of Panel of Judges, members of Technical Panels.
Rules 441 - 449 (reserved)
REGULATIONS FOR EXHIBITIONS
Rule 450 Exhibitions
1. Negotiations concerning exhibitions of any kind cannot be conducted with the Skaters, but only with the ISU Member to which the Skater belongs.
2. Notice of exhibitions in a foreign country must be sent by both ISU Members involved to the Director General of the ISU. An ISU Member holding exhibitions in a foreign country must apply for consent from the ISU Member for that country. All financial arrangements must be approved by the ISU Members concerned. 78


If a Skater/Couple stays for a period of more than two months in a foreign country, the ISU Member of the Skater/Couple may provide the foreign ISU Member with a general authorization for exhibitions and so delegate to such ISU Member the responsibility for the application of the eligibility Rules of the ISU and of the foreign ISU Member. The Skater/Couple must, in such case, announce to the foreign ISU Member each request for exhibitions.
4. The provisions of Rule 109, paragraphs 2 and 3, also apply to exhibitions.
5. Eligible persons may take part in ice shows, exhibitions, commercial motion pictures or television shows, in which ineligible persons (as defined in Rule 102, paragraph 2) constitute the majority of the participants, only with the prior approval of the ISU Member concerned. In exceptional cases, the respective Sports Technical Director(s) of the ISU may permit eligible persons to take part in exhibitions in countries in which there is no ISU Member.
7. No exhibitions by a Competitor in an ISU Championship may be given at the site of the Championship or in its neighborhood within a period of fourteen days before the beginning of the event.
8. For exhibitions during Figure Skating Competitions see Rule 365.
9. Competitors in the World Championships invited to participate in the ISU Exhibition Tour may not exhibit more than twenty times in the immediately following forty days. Exceptions may be made by the respective Sports Technical Director(s). No exhibition tours which include such Competitors may take place during such periods unless organized and/or approved by the ISU.
10. Only ISU or ISU Members have the right to organize or authorize exhibition tours in which eligible Skaters take part.
11. Eligible persons are permitted to appear in only one skating exhibition within one day. If the period covered by a series of exhibitions exceeds a week, there should be a day without an exhibition every three or four days. However, special arrangements may be approved by the respective Sports Technical Director(s) for exhibitions in a foreign country which is geographically isolated and which has little opportunity otherwise to see such exhibitions.
12. The Council of the ISU may make financial arrangements for the benefit of the ISU with ISU Members organizing a series of exhibitions.
13. Participants may receive money for Figure Skating exhibitions at ISU Championships, but only with the approval of the ISU Member to which the Skater belongs and to be paid to the Skater only through 79


the respective ISU Member.
14. The provisions of Rule 137 (reimbursement of expenses) also apply to exhibitions.
15. For exclusion from exhibitions, see Rule 104, paragraph 17, and Rule 125, paragraph 4.
Rules 451 – 499 (reserved)


II. TECHNICAL RULES SINGLE & PAIR SKATING / ICE DANCE
GENERAL TECHNICAL RULES IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
Rule 500 Definition of the skate blade
Figure Skating blades used during competitions must be sharpened to produce a flat to concave cross section without change to the width of the blade as measured between the two edges. However, a slight tapering or narrowing of the cross section of the blade is permitted.
Rule 501 Clothing
1. At ISU Championships and International Competitions, including the Olympic Winter Games and the Winter Youth Olympic Games, the clothing of the Competitors must be modest, dignified and appropriate for athletic competition – not garish or theatrical in design. Clothing may, however, reflect the character of the music chosen. The clothing must not give the effect of excessive nudity inappropriate for the discipline. Men must wear full length trousers. Accessories and props are not permitted. Clothing that does not adhere to these guidelines will be penalized by a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n). For Ice Dance, exceptions to the restrictions may be announced by the IDTC.
2. The decorations on costumes must be non-detachable. Part of the costume or decoration falling on the ice will be penalized by a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n).
Rule 502 Duration of skating
The time must be reckoned from the moment the Skater (either Skater for Pair Skating and Ice Dance) begins to move or to skate until arriving at a complete stop at the end of the program.


1. Short Program
Women, Men, Pairs for both Senior and Junior: 2 minutes and 40 seconds.
2. Free Skating Senior: Men Women Pairs Junior: Men Women Pairs
3 ½ 3 ½ 3 ½
minutes minutes minutes
minutes minutes minutes
3. Rhythm Dance for both Senior and Junior
2 minutes and 50 seconds (unless otherwise decided by the Ice ISU Dance Technical Committee and announced Communication).
in an
4. Free Dance Senior Junior
4 3 1/2
minutes minutes
The Skater/Pair/Couple is allowed to finish the Short Program, Rhythm Dance, Free Skating or Free Dance within 10 seconds plus or minus the required time. If the Skater/Pair/Couple fails to finish his/their Short Program, Rhythm Dance, Free Skating or Free Dance program within the allowed range of time, there will be a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n) for up to every 5 seconds lacking or in excess. Any element in Short Program, Rhythm Dance, Free Skating or Free Dance started after the required time (plus the 10 seconds allowed) must not be identified by the Technical Panel and will have no value. The timekeepers must inform the Referee. If the duration of the program is 30 seconds or more under the required time range, no marks will be awarded.
Rule 503 Falls
A Fall is defined as loss of control by a Skater with the result that the majority of his/her own body weight is on the ice supported by any other part of the body other than the blades e.g. hand(s), knee(s), back,


buttock(s) or any part of the arm. For every Fall there shall be a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n).
Rule 504 Marking of Short Program/Rhythm Dance and Free Skating/Free Dance
1. Elements Score
As per Rule 353, paragraphs 1. a) and b), the Scale of Values chart of the elements of Short Program/Rhythm Dance and Free Skating/Free Dance ISU Communications. This Scale of Value contains Base Values of all the elements and the numerical values of the eleven Grades of Execution.
is published and updated
a) Base Value
The Technical Panel will determine the name and, when required, the Level of Difficulty of every element. Base Values of elements are measured in points and increase with the increasing difficulty of the elements. The difficulty of the elements depends:
Single & Pair Skating -
in jumps (Singles and Pairs) and throw jumps (Pairs): on the names of the jumps or the throw jumps listed in order of their difficulty (Toeloop, Salchow, Loop, Flip, Lutz, Axel) and the number of revolutions; in lifts (pairs): on the Groups of the lifts (1 - 5), their names and Levels of Difficulty; in twist lifts (Pairs): on number of Levels of Difficulty; in death spirals (Pairs): on the names and Levels of Difficulty; in other elements: on their names and Levels of Difficulty.
the revolutions and
Ice Dance on their Levels of Difficulty
b) Levels of Difficulty of elements
The description of characteristics (features) that give an element a certain Level of Difficulty is published and updated in ISU Communications.


--- Table 3 ---
| Single & Pair Skating                        | Ice Dance                                 |
|:---------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------|
| -                                            | on their Levels of Difficulty             |
| in jumps (Singles and Pairs) and             |                                           |
| throw                                        |                                           |
| jumps                                        |                                           |
| (Pairs):  on                                 |                                           |
| the                                          |                                           |
| names of the jumps or the throw              |                                           |
| jumps                                        |                                           |
| listed                                       |                                           |
| in  order  of                                |                                           |
| their                                        |                                           |
| difficulty                                   |                                           |
| (Toeloop,                                    |                                           |
| Salchow,                                     |                                           |
| Loop,  Flip,  Lutz,  Axel)  and  the         |                                           |
| number of revolutions;                       |                                           |
| -                                            |                                           |
| in lifts (pairs): on  the Groups of          |                                           |
| the lifts (1 - 5), their names and           |                                           |
| Levels of Difficulty;                        |                                           |
| -                                            |                                           |
| in                                           |                                           |
| twist                                        |                                           |
| lifts                                        |                                           |
| (Pairs):  on                                 |                                           |
| the                                          |                                           |
| number                                       |                                           |
| of                                           |                                           |
| revolutions                                  |                                           |
| and                                          |                                           |
| Levels of Difficulty;                        |                                           |
| -                                            |                                           |
| in  death  spirals (Pairs): on  the          |                                           |
| names and Levels of Difficulty;              |                                           |
| -                                            |                                           |
| in                                           |                                           |
| other                                        |                                           |
| elements:                                    |                                           |
| on                                           |                                           |
| their                                        |                                           |
| names and Levels of Difficulty.              |                                           |
| Lifts,  twist  lifts  and  death  spirals    | All  Required  Elements  are  divided     |
| (pairs), spins and steps (singles and        | into five Levels of Difficulty according  |
| pairs) are divided depending on their        | to  the  number  of  features achieved.   |
| difficulty in  five  Levels  of  Difficulty  | Choreographic                             |
| according to the number of features          | Elements,                                 |
| achieved: Basic Level  –  in  case of        | are                                       |
| no features, Level 1 – in case of one        | confirmed                                 |
| feature,  Level  2  –  in  case  of  two     | if                                        |
| features, Level 3  – in case of three        | the                                       |
| features and Level 4 – in case of four       | minimum                                   |
| or more features.                            | requirements  defining                    |
|                                              | the  Element                              |
|                                              | are met.                                  |
------------------



Single & Pair Skating Lifts, twist lifts and death spirals (pairs), spins and steps (singles and pairs) are divided depending on their difficulty in five Levels of Difficulty according to the number of features achieved: Basic Level – in case of no features, Level 1 – in case of one feature, Level 2 – in case of two features, Level 3 – in case of three features and Level 4 – in case of four or more features.
Ice Dance All Required Elements are divided into five Levels of Difficulty according to the number of features achieved. are Elements, Choreographic confirmed the minimum if requirements defining the Element are met.
c) Grade of Execution (GOE)
Each Judge will mark the quality of execution of every element depending on the positive and/or negative features of the execution and errors on an eleven Grade of Execution scale: +5, +4, +3, +2, +1, Base Value, -1, -2, -3, -4, -5. Elements as per Rule 353, paragraphs 1.h) (i) and (ii) (in Single & Pair Skating) and 1.i) (in Ice Dance) are evaluated as one unit. The guidelines for marking GOE’s are published and updated ISU Communications.
Illegal Elements/Movements/Pose Every Illegal Element/Movement/Pose as defined in Rules 610 (Single & Pair Skating), 704 paragraph 21, (Ice Dance), performed in the program will be penalized by a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n). If an Illegal Element/Movement/Pose is performed during the execution of any element, the deduction for an Illegal Element/Movement/Pose will apply and the element will be called: - Single & Pair Skating: Basic Level if the requirements for at least Basic Level are fulfilled. Otherwise the element will be called “no level”. Ice Dance: A Level per the requirements performed or ignored if the minimum requirement for Basic Level are not fulfilled.
3. Program Component Score
a) Definition of Program Components The Skater's/Pair's/Couple’s whole performance is evaluated by three Program Components: Composition, Presentation and Skating Skills. For Pair Skating and Ice Dance there must be equal demonstration of the criteria by both Skaters.


Composition The intentional, developed and/or original arrangement of the repertoire of all types of movements into a meaningful whole according to the principles of proportion, unity, space, pattern, and musical structure. In evaluating the Composition, the following must be considered:
Multidimensional movements and use of space; • Connections between and within elements; • Choreography reflecting musical phrase and form; • Pattern and ice coverage; • Unity.
Presentation The demonstration of engagement, commitment and involvement based on an understanding of the music and composition. In evaluating the Presentation, the following must be considered:
Expressiveness and projection; • Variety and contrast of energy and of movements; • Musical sensitivity and timing; • Oneness and awareness of space (Pair Skating, Ice Dance).
Skating Skills The ability of the Skater to execute the skating repertoire of steps, turns, and skating movements, with blade and body control. In evaluating the Skating Skills, the following must be considered: Variety of edges, steps, turns, movements and directions;
• Clarity of edges, steps, turns, movements and body control; • • • • Unison (Pair Skating, Ice Dance). Balance and glide; Flow; Power and speed;
b) Marking of Program Components After completion of a program, as per Rule 353, paragraph j), each Judge marks the Program Components on a scale from 0.25 to 10 with increments of 0.25. Points given by the Judges correspond to the following degrees of the Program Components: less than 1 – extremely poor, 1-1.75 - very poor, 2 - 2.75 - poor, 3-3.75 - weak, 4 - 4.75 – below average, 5 - 5.75 - average, 6 - 6.75 - above average, 7 -7.75 - good, 8 - 8.75 - very good, 9 – 9.75 excellent, 10 outstanding. Increments are used for evaluation of performances containing some features of one degree and some of the next degree. Guidelines for marking Program Components are published and updated in ISU Communications.


4. Deductions Deductions are applied for certain violations of the Regulations (see Rule 353).
Rules 505 – 510 (reserved)


III. TECHNICAL RULES FOR COMPETITIONS IN SINGLE & PAIR SKATING AND ICE DANCE
A. General
Rule 511 Announcement of entries and panels of Officials
For the purpose of verifying the compliance of competitions and categories other than ISU Events, with requirements for World Ranking consideration as published in ISU Communications, preliminary unofficial announcements of entries and Officials must be made by the Organizing Committee at any time after the closing of entries but at the latest seven days before the competition starts. This provision is optional for competitions and categories not considered for World Ranking.
Rule 512 Draws
1. The draws for the starting order are made publicly by the Referee. The Referee should ask the Organizing Committee to check the correct spelling of the names of the Competitors and Officials.
2. Starting numbers shall be drawn by each Competitor, if present, by official representatives of their ISU Member or by members of the Organizing Committee.
3. The official announcement of the entries and of the panels of Officials is made by the Referee of each competition at the time of the first starting order draw of that competition. Different procedures may apply for ISU Events and the Olympic Winter Games.
Rule 513 Draws for starting orders
The draw for starting order of the Competitors for each Segment of the event shall be conducted as follows:
1. Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s): a) i)
select a Competitor to draw for the ISU Member to start the draw;


ii) draw the starting order of the Competitors proceeding in alphabetical order by ISU Member from the ISU Member drawn to start;
b) For the Pattern Dances only, if two Pattern Dances are to be
skated: - the Couples are divided into two groups. If the number of Couples is not evenly divisible by two, the second group shall contain one more Couple than the first group;
the second Pattern Dance is started by the first Couple in the second group followed by the rest of the Couples in the order in which they were drawn. The Couples in group one follow group two, starting with Couple number one of the first group; - an exception to this Rule is permissible when there are only two Couples. In this case, the first Couple would start each Pattern Dance. This procedure must be agreed to by both Couples. and Junior): i)
the second Pattern Dance is started by the first Couple in the second group followed by the rest of the Couples in the order in which they were drawn. The Couples in group one follow group two, starting with Couple number one of the first group; - an exception to this Rule is permissible when there are only two Couples. In this case, the first Couple would start each Pattern Dance. This procedure must be agreed to by both Couples. and Junior): i)
ii)


2. Free Skating/Free Dance
a) For the Free Skating / Free Dance the starting order will be the reverse order of the result after the Short Program/Rhythm Dance or Pattern Dance(s);
b) the Competitors will be divided into the smallest possible number of equal groups (see Table I of the Technical Rules), in the order in which they finished the preceding Segment;
c) If the number of Competitors is not equally divisible, the last group to skate (and as many preceding groups as necessary) must contain one more Competitor than the first group. The lowest placed group must skate first, the next lowest second and so on; If two or more Competitors are tied for the same place at the end of the preceding Segment, the Competitors concerned shall be assigned in the same group. If necessary, the immediately preceding group shall be smaller by the number of Competitors so added to the following group. The starting order for tied Competitors is determined in a manual draw by lot. The draw for tied competitors is carried out by the Referee with the Technical Controller being present.
If one or more Competitors having obtained scores that would have qualified them for the next Segment decide to withdraw their participation before the beginning of that Segment, then the open spot(s) will not be substituted by any other Competitor(s) and the number of maximum qualified Competitors for that Segment will be reduced by the number of withdrawn Competitors.
If the withdrawal(s) is announced after the draw for the starting order of the following Segment, then the starting order and the warm-up groups will not be changed and the spot of the withdrawn Competitor(s) remains empty.
4. If one or more Competitors having obtained scores that would have qualified them for the next Segment are disqualified before the beginning of that Segment, then the open spot(s) will be filled by the first placed Competitor(s), who, in the concerned Segment, initially had not reached the following Segment. Such Competitors will receive the first starting numbers in the first warm-up group and this warm-up group will be complemented with the concerned number of Competitors. If necessary:
(i) the starting order of the added Competitors in the first subgroup
will be decided by an additional separate draw;
(ii) Rule 514, paragraph 3 shall apply.


Rule 514 Warm-up periods
1. Warm-up periods must be allotted to all Competitors.
2. The duration and maximum size of each warm-up (see Table II of the Technical Rules) are: a) Single Skating – Short Program, Free Skating – 6 minutes
duration – maximum six Competitors;
b) Pair Skating – Short Program, Free Skating – 6 minutes duration
– maximum four Pairs; Ice Dance – Pattern Dance(s) – 3 minutes. The first 30 seconds without music followed by 2 minutes and 30 seconds of the sixth (last) tune of the ISU Ice Dance music – maximum six Couples;
d) Ice Dance Rhythm Dance/Free Dance
i Rhythm Dance, Free Dance (Junior/Senior) – 5 minutes, -
maximum five Couples;
ii. Free Dance (All Novice categories): – 3 minutes, – maximum
five Couples.
In the event one or more Competitors tied or added as per Rule 513, paragraph 4 are included in the same group, the maximum number permitted to warm up at the same time may be exceeded by one Competitor in Single Skating. However, if the maximum number permitted is exceeded by two or more Single Skaters or by one or more Pairs or Ice Dance Couples, the group in question shall be divided into two subgroups with a separate warm-up for each of them. The Competitors of each subgroup skate immediately after the warm- up of their subgroup to be immediately followed by the competitive skating in each instance.
4. Warm-ups must immediately precede the competitive skating of those in that warm-up group. In case of an interruption in the Segment due to unforeseen circumstances of more than 10 minutes, the Competitors concerned will be permitted a second warm-up period of the duration mentioned at paragraph 2, depending on the Segment.
Rule 515 Interruptions, Music Deficiencies, Adverse Conditions and Incomplete Programs
1. An Interruption is defined as the period of time starting immediately when the Competitor stops performing the program or is ordered to


do so by the Referee, whichever is earlier, and ending when the Competitor resumes his performance. The Referee shall decide where the point of interruption is and communicate this to the Competitor, the Judges and the Technical Controller. The Competitor shall resume the program according to paragraphs 2, 3, 4 and 5 below. The Technical Panel decides if the interruption occurred at the entrance to or during the element. The Technical Controller shall inform the Referee accordingly.
2. Music Deficiencies:
If the tempo or quality of the music is deficient or if for any reason there is an interruption or stop in the music, the Competitor must stop skating when he becomes aware of the problem or at the acoustic signal of the Referee, whichever is earlier. a)
If any of these problems regarding the music occurs within the 20 seconds after the start of the program, it is the choice of the Competitor whether to continue from the point of where he stops performing or restart the program. If the Competitor decides to restart the program, the Judges and Technical Panel evaluate the program from the beginning, disregarding the previous evaluation. If the Competitor decides to continue from the point where he stopped performing, the Judges and Technical Panel continue evaluating the program from the Competitor resumes the program and the prior evaluation remains. If any of these problems regarding the music occurs more than 20 seconds after the start of the program, the Competitor shall resume the program from the point of interruption or, if the interruption occurred at the entrance to or during an element, at the point immediately preceding this element. If this element was identified and called by the Technical Panel before the interruption, the Technical Panel has to delete it from the list of the performed elements. The Competitor is allowed to repeat this element when resuming the program.
the moment
No deductions apply for interruptions due to music deficiencies.
3. Adverse conditions unrelated to the Competitor and/or his equipment If an adverse condition unrelated to the Competitor or his equipment, such as lighting, ice condition, item thrown onto the ice etc. occurs, the Competitor may stop skating and report to the Referee when he becomes aware of the problem and must stop skating at the acoustic signal of the Referee. When the problem is solved, the Competitor shall continue from the


point of interruption or, if the interruption occurred at the entrance to or during an element, at the point immediately preceding this element. If this element was identified and called by the Technical Panel before the interruption, the Technical Panel shall delete it from the list of the performed elements. The Competitor is allowed to repeat this element when resuming the program. If the interruption lasts longer than 10 minutes, there shall be a second warm-up period according to Rule 514, paragraph 2. After the second warm-up, the Competitor shall continue from the point of interruption or, if the interruption occurred at the entrance to or during an element, at the point immediately preceding this element. No deductions apply for interruptions unrelated to the Competitor or his equipment.
4. Adverse conditions related to the Competitor and/or his Equipment occurring during the program: If a Competitor is injured during the program or another adverse condition related to him or his equipment (such as but not limited to lace undone, damage to clothing or skates) occurs the Competitor must stop skating when he becomes aware of the problem or at the acoustic signal of the Referee, whichever is earlier. The music shall be stopped only if the Referee instructs the music technician to do so according to section b) below.
Duration of Interruptions: a) Up to 40 seconds
If the adverse condition can be remedied without delay the Competitor does not need to report to the Referee and the music continues to play. If he resumes skating within 40 seconds, the Referee will apply a deduction as per Rule 353, paragraph 1.n).
b) Up to 3 minutes
If the Competitor does not resume skating within 40 seconds, the Referee shall instruct the music technician to stop the music and allow the Competitor 3 additional minutes. If the Competitor resumes skating within this additional period, the Referee will apply a deduction of 5.0 points as per Rule 353, paragraph 1.n) or no deduction if medical attention is required as per Rule 515, paragraph 5. This deduction also covers an interruption of up to 40 seconds immediately preceding the allowance of 3 additional minutes. When the problem is solved, the Competitor shall continue from the point of interruption or, if interruption occurred at the entrance to or during an element which was called by the Technical Panel before the interruption, at the point immediately following this element. The call made prior to the interruption shall stay.


Only one resumption per program is allowed upon an allowance of additional 3 minutes. If there is a second interruption of more than 40 seconds due to an adverse condition related to a Competitor or his equipment the Competitor shall be considered withdrawn.
If medical attention is required (including nose bleeding), the Referee must stop the performance by an acoustic signal, follow the Medical Protocol (Communication 2267 or any update thereof) and instruct the music technician to stop the music. After consulting with the respective Team Physician, or, if not present, the medical doctor provided by the Organizer, the Referee shall decide if the Competitor is allowed back to compete. If the Referee does not allow the Skater to resume within 3 minutes since the Competitor stopped skating their program, the Competitor is withdrawn. If the Referee allows the Competitor/s to continue skating his program, no deduction will apply. When the problem is resolved, the Competitor shall continue from the point of interruption or, if the interruption occurred at the entrance to or during an element, at the point immediately following this element, which is called by the Technical Panel and the call remains.
6. Adverse condition occurring prior the beginning of the program with allowance of up to 3 minutes. i)
If any adverse condition related to the Competitor or his equipment occurs between his being called to the start and taking the starting position which cannot be remedied within 60 seconds (Rule 350, paragraph 2), the Referee shall allow the Competitor 3 additional minutes and apply a deduction of 5.0 points as per Rule 353, paragraph 1n). If any adverse condition related to the Competitor or his equipment occurs after he takes the ice but before the call to the start and the time before the start of the program is not sufficient to remedy such condition, the Referee shall allow the Competitor 3 additional minutes before being called to the start and apply a deduction of 5.0 points as per Rule 353, paragraph 1n).
ii)
7. Adverse condition occurring during the warm up:
If an adverse condition related to the Competitor with the first starting number in the warm up group or his equipment occurs during the warm-up, and time before the call to the start is not sufficient to remedy such condition the Referee shall allow the Competitor 3 additional minutes before being called to the start without applying any deductions. For the purposes of paragraph 4, section b) above of this situation is not considered as resumption of the program.


8. Limit of the interruptions allowed
Only one interruption, up to 3 minutes, is allowed whenever it takes place (prior or during the program). If there is a second interruption of more than 40 seconds due to an adverse condition related to a Competitor (including medical problems) or his equipment the Competitor shall be considered withdrawn.
Incomplete Programs If a Competitor does not complete the program, no marks will be awarded and the Competitor shall be considered withdrawn.
Rules 516 – 519 (reserved)


B. ISU Championships – Special Technical Rules
Rule 520 Draws for Competitors
1. Applicable for all ISU Championships, the draw for the Short Program/Rhythm Dance will be held according to the latest World Standings as follows, whereby World Standings will be established as per the procedure published in an ISU Communication: a) For the purpose of the draw, the Competitors are listed in accordance with the latest ISU World Standings at the time of the Team Leaders Meeting at the respective competition. b) The Competitors will be divided into starting order groups in accordance to Table I of the Technical Rules using the total number of Competitors entered.
c) Within the starting order groups, the Competitors will be divided into two equal subgroups, in case of an odd number of Competitors the subgroups with the Competitors drawing for the higher starting numbers will include one more Skater/Pair/Couple. d) There will be a free draw among all Competitors of each such subgroup with the highest ranked Skater/Pair/Couple of the World Standings drawing first and so on. In case of ties in the World Standings there will be a separate draw between the tied Competitors to decide the order of the draw. In case of ties in the World Standings on the border of starting order groups or the subgroups, all those tied Competitors will be included in the later group or subgroup and the earlier competing group or subgroup will be smaller by the number of Competitors so added to a later group. However, this procedure has no influence on the size of the warm-up groups for the Short Program / Rhythm Dance or Qualifying Free Skating/Free Dance which strictly follows Table II of the Technical Rules.
f) Skaters/Pairs/Couples, who have not received any ISU World Standing points will be listed at the bottom of the list in country those order. There will be a separate draw between Skaters/Pairs/Couples with no World Standing placements to determine the starting order, following the basic principles of the draws.
2. Based on the result of the Short Program/Rhythm Dance, the Competitors placed 1-24 in Single Skating 1-16 in Pair Skating (1-20 in Pair Skating at World Championships) and 1-20 in Ice Dance only shall qualify for the final Free Skating/Free Dance.


3. The starting order for the Free Skating/Free Dance will be according to Rule 513, paragraph 2.
4. If a tie in the Short Program/Rhythm Dance occurs for the 24th place in Single Skating or for the 16th place in Pair Skating (for the 20th place in Pair Skating at World Championships) or for the 20th place in Ice Dance, all the tied Competitors will qualify for the Free Skating/Free Dance for which they will be drawn in the same (first) group. If necessary, Rule 514, paragraph 3 shall apply. Starting with the 2024/25 season, if a tie in the Short Program/Rhythm Dance occurs for the 24th place in Single Skating or for the 16th place in Pair Skating or for the 20th place in Ice Dance, all the tied Competitors will qualify for the Free Skating/Free Dance for which they will be drawn in the same (first) group. If necessary, Rule 514, paragraph 3 shall apply. Rule 521 Judges draws
1. For ISU Championships, the panel of Judges shall consist only of Judges on the current lists of ISU Judges and all Judges must be designated ISU.
2. Each ISU Members must enter annually by October 1st Judges by number only and indicate with the entry, in which ISU Championships and the individual discipline of this Championships they intend to participate in the respective draw ceremony. The entries must be made for the following Championships
a) From European ISU Members only for the
(i) European Figure Skating Championships
b) From all ISU Members for the
(i) Four Continents Figure Skating Championships;
(ii) World Junior Figure Skating Championships;
(iii) World Figure Skating Championships.
3. Together with their entry the ISU Members must indicate if their Judges are available to judge Pair Skating. In order to be eligible for Pair Skating, Judges who have never judged Pair Skating at any ISU Championships before must have officiated satisfactorily in at least one International Competition and one ISU Event in Pair Skating during the forty-eight months preceding the ISU Championships.


4. Principles of entries and restrictions
a) Each ISU Member may enter one Judge by number (not by name) in each discipline in which Judges of this ISU Member are qualified to judge and in which that ISU Member has participated with at least one Skater/Pair/Couple in the same Championships of the preceding year, who has/have finished at least one segment of the individual competition;
b) An ISU Member can be represented with Judges in all four
disciplines within one Championships;
c) A Judge must not serve in more than one discipline per ISU
Championships;
d) The ISU Members will enter with their Judges’ name(s) for the individual ISU Championships and disciplines including a substitute Judge, in which they have been drawn, twenty-eight days prior to the first day (first official practice day) of the ISU Championships concerned;
e) Any necessary changes of the Judges nominated must be communicated by the fastest electronic means to the respective Sports Technical Directors, to the ISU Secretariat and to the Organizing Committee;
f) A Judge nominated by the ISU Member, who is present and
available, must serve if drawn;
g) The ISU President or the ISU Vice President Figure Skating may update the restrictions under paragraphs a) and c) above for any Championships in which not enough Judges are available to compose the panels of Judges.
5. Draw Procedure
a) The draw procedure of the panels of Judges for all ISU Championships will take place annually between October 1st and November 15th. The draw is open to all ISU Members who may send one Representative at their own expense. The draw shall take place in Switzerland in the presence of a certified Swiss auditor. The ISU President will appoint the person(s) who will conduct the draw;
b) Each draw to compose the panels of Judges starts with a preliminary draw upon the order of disciplines which will be drawn first;
c) Each panel of Judges will consist of a maximum of nine Judges
but not less than eight Judges;


d) There will be a separate draw for the panel of Judges for each Segment of each Championships (Short Program, Rhythm Dance, Free Skating and Free Dance), at the main draw as to paragraph 5.a) and on site of the Championships concerned;
e) The draw procedure of each ISU Championships is explained
separately;
f) The seating order of the Judging Panel shall be conducted manually by the Referee of the discipline in the Judges room for each Segment of the event.
6. European Figure Skating Championships, World Figure Skating Championships and World Junior Figure Skating Championships a) Only European ISU Members who have entered with Judges for the European Figure Skating Championships will participate in the draws for the composition of the panel of Judges for this Championships. All ISU Members who have entered with Judges for the World and World Junior Figure Skating Championships will participate in the draws for the composition of the panel of Judges for the respective Championships; b) A random draw will be made to determine the order of disciplines in which the panels will be drawn, however the Pair panel has to be drawn last;
c) Thirteen ISU Members are drawn amongst all ISU Members, who have entered a Judge by number for this particular discipline and who have participated with a Skater/Pair/Couple in the same discipline of the corresponding Figure Skating Championships of the this Skater/Pair/Couple had finished at least one Segment;
immediately preceding
year, provided
that
d) If there are not enough ISU Members available, there will be an additional draw amongst all ISU Members available and willing to serve but not yet represented in the panel concerned, to complete the panel of Judges with up to thirteen Judges;
e) On the site of the Championships, an open random draw will be conducted by the Referee, 45 minutes prior to the skating of each Segment of the respective discipline, in the presence of all Judges drawn for this discipline, to complete the panel of nine Judges;
f) For the first Segment of the discipline nine Judges will be drawn from all thirteen Judges drawn for the respective discipline. The seating order will be identical to the order the Judges are drawn;
g) For the second Segment of the discipline, the four Judges not drawn for the first Segment will automatically be assigned to be in the panel of nine Judges for the second Segment and all other


Judges serving already in the first Segment will participate in the draw to complete the panel of nine Judges. A separate draw will be held for the seating order of the nine judges;
h) If at the time of the Championships, Judges drawn and entered by name, are not present, and their entered substitute Judge is not available, they will not be substituted by another Judge from the same ISU Member, who was not entered as a substitute Judge in the discipline in question; A separate draw amongst all Judges present and available for the discipline concerned but not represented already in the particular panel will complete the panel to the possible maximum of nine Judges if needed;
i) If there still are not enough ISU Members available to draw up to four Judges for the second Segment, up to four alternate Judges are drawn in a priority order amongst all ISU Members, which are entered and eligible for the discipline in question and which are not yet represented in the panel in question. Those alternate Judges must be called on site if needed with a seven days benchmark of notice. If, however, on site not enough Judges as drawn are available to serve in the designated panel and the alternate Judge(s) cannot be anymore called, a draw must be ISU Members not made amongst all present Judges of represented in the panel, willing, qualified and available to serve, who are already drawn in another panel of the Championships.
7. Four Continents Figure Skating Championships
a) For the Draw by Number based on paragraph 2, Four Continents ISU Members will have first priority in the draws for the composition of the panel of Judges for the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
b) A random draw will be made to determine the order of disciplines in which the panels will be drawn, however the Pair panel has to be drawn last.
c) Nine ISU Members are drawn from all the Four Continents ISU Members, who have entered a Judge by number for the particular discipline and who have participated with a Skater/Pair/Couple in the same discipline of the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships of the immediately preceding year, provided that this Skater/Pair/Couple has finished at least one segment (see also paragraph 4. a).
If there are not enough Four Continents ISU Members available, there will be an additional draw amongst all Four Continents ISU Members available and willing to serve but not yet represented


in the panel concerned, to complete the panel of Judges with up to nine Judges.
If there are still not enough Judges, additional Judges from the European ISU Members need to be drawn to complete the panel of Judges of nine Judges.
f) The procedure described under paragraph 7. c) to e) will be followed in all draws for each discipline of the Championships.
In addition, four alternate Judges are drawn in a priority order amongst all ISU Members, which are entered and eligible for the respective discipline and which are not yet represented in the panel in question. Priority for the draw of alternate Judges must be given to Judges from Four Continents ISU Members which are entered and eligible for the respective discipline and which are not yet represented in the panel in question. If there are not enough alternate Judges from Four Continents ISU Members available, additional alternate Judges from the European ISU Members need to be drawn to reach the number of the required four alternate Judges.
h) On site of the Championships, an open random draw for seating order will be conducted by the Referee in the presence of all Judges drawn for the respective discipline 45 minutes prior to the beginning of each Segment.
8. a) The President may, in exceptional cases, authorize modifications in the application of this Rule. If the President is not reachable in a timely fashion, the Vice President for Figure Skating may authorize such modifications in exceptional circumstances. On site of a Championships, if both the President and the Vice President for Figure Skating are not present, then the ISU Representative may authorize such modifications in exceptional circumstances. Rule, Rule 115, paragraph 5 applies.


Number of Comp- etitors 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36
I. Size of starting order groups Rule 513
Singles Free Skating Maximum 6
Pairs Free Skating Maximum 4
Free Dance
Maximum 5
1 + 1 1 + 2 2 + 2 2 + 3 3 + 3 3 + 4 4 + 4 4 + 5 5 + 5 5 + 6 6 + 6
1 + 1 1 + 2 2 + 2 2 + 3 3 + 3 3 + 4 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 3 3 + 3 + 4 3 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4
1 + 1 1 + 2 2 + 2 2 + 3 3 + 3 3 + 4 4 + 4 4 + 5 5 + 5 3 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4
4 + 4 + 5 4 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 6 5 + 6 + 6 6 + 6 + 6 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 + 5
3 + 3 + 3 + 4 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4
4 + 4 + 5 4 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 + 5
5 + 5 + 5 + 6 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6
3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4
4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5
5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6
4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5


--- Table 4 ---
| Number         | 2      | 9          | 13             | 17                 | 21                     | 25                         | 29                             | 33                                  |
| of             |  3     | 10         | 14             | 18                 | 22                     | 26                         | 30                             | 34                                  |
| Comp-          |  4     | 11         | 15             | 19                 | 23                     | 27                         | 31                             | 35                                  |
| etitors        |  5     | 12         | 16             | 20                 | 24                     | 28                         | 32                             | 36                                  |
|                |  6     |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                |  7     |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                |  8     |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|:---------------|:-------|:-----------|:---------------|:-------------------|:-----------------------|:---------------------------|:-------------------------------|:------------------------------------|
| Singles        | 1 + 1  | 4 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 5      | 5 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5          | 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6              | 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6               |
| Free  Skating  | 1 + 2  | 5 + 5      | 4 + 5 + 5      | 6 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6          | 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6              | 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6               |
| Maximum 6      | 2 + 2  | 5 + 6      | 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 5 + 6 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6          | 5 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6               |
|                | 2 + 3  | 6 + 6      | 5 + 5 + 6      | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 6 + 6 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 6 + 6 + 6          | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 6          | 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6 + 6               |
|                | 3 + 3  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 3 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 4 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
| Pairs          | 1 + 1  | 3 + 3 + 3  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4  + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  |
| Free  Skating  | 1 + 2  | 3 + 3 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 3 + 4 + 4 + 4  + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  |
| Maximum 4      | 2 + 2  | 3 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 3 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  |
|                | 2 + 3  | 4 + 4 +  4 | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  |
|                | 3 + 3  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 3 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 4 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
| Free  Dance    | 1 + 1  | 4 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5      | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5          | 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5          | 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5           |
| Maximum 5      | 1 + 2  | 5 + 5      | 4 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5      | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5          | 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5           |
|                | 2 + 2  | 3 + 4 + 4  | 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5           |
|                | 2 + 3  | 4 + 4 +  4 | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4  | 5 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5      | 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 5 + 5 + 5 + 5       |
|                | 3 + 3  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 3 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
|                | 4 + 4  |            |                |                    |                        |                            |                                |                                     |
------------------



Number of Comp- etitors
II. Size of warm-up groups Rule 514
Singles Short Program Free Skating Maximum 6
Pair Skating Short Program Free Skating Maximum 4
Ice Dance Rhythm Dance, Free Dance Maximum 5
2+3
3+3
3+3
3+4
3+4
3+4
4+4
4+4
4+4
4+5
3+3+3
4+5
5+5
3+3+4
5+5
5+6
3+4+4
3+4+4
6+6
4+4+4
4+4+4
4+4+5
3+3+3+4
4+4+5
4+5+5
3+3+4+4
4+5+5
5+5+5
3+4+4+4
5+5+5
5+5+6
4+4+4+4
4+4+4+4
5+6+6
3+3+3+4+4
4+4+4+5
6+6+6
3+3+4+4+4
4+4+5+5
4+5+5+5
3+4+4+4+4
4+5+5+5
5+5+5+5
4+4+4+4+4
5+5+5+5
5+5+5+6
3+3+3+4+4+4
4+4+4+4+5
5+5+6+6
3+3+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+5+5
5+6+6+6
3+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+5+5+5
6+6+6+6
4 +4+4+4+4+4
4+5+5+5+5
5+5+5+5+5
3+3+3+4+4+4+4
5+5+5+5+5
5+5+5+5+6
3+3+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+4+5+5
5+5+5+6+6
3+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+5+5+5
5+5+6+6+6
4+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+5+5+5+5
5+6+6+6+6
3+3+3+4+4+4+4+4
4+5+5+5+5+5
6+6+6+6+6
3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4
5+5+5+5+5+5
5+5+5+5+5+6
3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+4+5+5+5
5+5+5+5+6+6
4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+5+5+5+5
5+5+5+6+6+6
3+3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+5+5+5+5+5
5+5+6+6+6+6
3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+5+5+5+5+5+5
5+6+6+6+6+6
3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4
5+5+5+5+5+5+5
6+6+6+6+6+6
4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4
4+4+4+4+5+5+5+5
Ice Dance Pattern Dance, Maximum 6
3+4
4+4
4+5
5+5
5+6
6+6
4+4+5
4+5+5
5+5+5
5+5+6
5+6+6
6+6+6
4+5+5+5
5+5+5+5
5+5+5+6
5+5+6+6
5+6+6+6
6+6+6+6
5+5+5+5+5
5+5+5+5+6
5+5+5+6+6
5+5+6+6+6
5+6+6+6+6
6+6+6+6+6
5+5+5+5+5+6
5+5+5+5+6+6
5+5+5+6+6+6
5+5+6+6+6+6
5+6+6+6+6+6
6+6+6+6+6+6


--- Table 5 ---
| Number            | 4     | 9      | 13       | 17         | 21           | 25             | 29               | 33                 |
| of                |  5    | 10     | 14       | 18         | 22           | 26             | 30               | 34                 |
| Comp-             |  6    | 11     | 15       | 19         | 23           | 27             | 31               | 35                 |
| etitors           |  7    | 12     | 16       | 20         | 24           | 28             | 32               | 36                 |
|                   |  8    |        |          |            |              |                |                  |                    |
|:------------------|:------|:-------|:---------|:-----------|:-------------|:---------------|:-----------------|:-------------------|
| Singles           | 4     | 4+5    | 4+4+5    | 5+6+6      | 5+5+5+6      | 5+5+5+5+5      | 5+6+6+6+6        | 5+5+5+6+6+6        |
| Short             | 5     | 5+5    | 4+5+5    | 6+6+6      | 5+5+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+6      | 6+6+6+6+6        | 5+5+6+6+6+6        |
| Program           | 6     | 5+6    | 5+5+5    | 4+5+5+5    | 5+6+6+6      | 5+5+5+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+5+6      | 5+6+6+6+6+6        |
| Free  Skating     | 3+4   | 6+6    | 5+5+6    | 5+5+5+5    | 6+6+6+6      | 5+5+6+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+6+6      | 6+6+6+6+6+6        |
| Maximum 6         | 4+4   |        |          |            |              |                |                  |                    |
| Pair Skating      | 4     | 3+3+3  | 3+3+3+4  | 3+3+3+4+4  | 3+3+3+4+4+4  | 3+3+3+4+4+4+4  | 3+3+3+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4  |
| Short Program     | 2+3   | 3+3+4  | 3+3+4+4  | 3+3+4+4+4  | 3+3+4+4+4+4  | 3+3+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4  |
| Free  Skating     | 3+3   | 3+4+4  | 3+4+4+4  | 3+4+4+4+4  | 3+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+4+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4  | 3+4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4  |
| Maximum 4         | 3+4   | 4+4+4  | 4+4+4+4  | 4+4+4+4+4  | 4 +4+4+4+4+4 | 4+4+4+4+4+4+4  | 4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4  | 4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4+4  |
|                   | 4+4   |        |          |            |              |                |                  |                    |
| Ice Dance         | 4     | 4+5    | 4+4+5    | 4+4+4+5    | 4+4+4+4+5    | 5+5+5+5+5      | 4+5+5+5+5+5      | 4+4+5+5+5+5+5      |
| Rhythm  Dance,    | 5     | 5+5    | 4+5+5    | 4+4+5+5    | 4+4+4+5+5    | 4+4+4+4+5+5    | 5+5+5+5+5+5      | 4+5+5+5+5+5+5      |
| Free  Dance       | 3+3   | 3+4+4  | 5+5+5    | 4+5+5+5    | 4+4+5+5+5    | 4+4+4+5+5+5    | 4+4+4+4+5+5+5    | 5+5+5+5+5+5+5      |
| Maximum 5         | 3+4   | 4+4+4  | 4+4+4+4  | 5+5+5+5    | 4+5+5+5+5    | 4+4+5+5+5+5    | 4+4+4+5+5+5+5    | 4+4+4+4+5+5+5+5    |
|                   | 4+4   |        |          |            |              |                |                  |                    |
| Ice Dance         | 4     | 4+5    | 4+4+5    | 5+6+6      | 5+5+5+6      | 5+5+5+5+5      | 5+6+6+6+6        | 5+5+5+6+6+6        |
| Pattern  Dance,   | 5     | 5+5    | 4+5+5    | 6+6+6      | 5+5+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+6      | 6+6+6+6+6        | 5+5+6+6+6+6        |
| Maximum 6         | 6     | 5+6    | 5+5+5    | 4+5+5+5    | 5+6+6+6      | 5+5+5+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+5+6      | 5+6+6+6+6+6        |
|                   | 3+4   | 6+6    | 5+5+6    | 5+5+5+5    | 6+6+6+6      | 5+5+6+6+6      | 5+5+5+5+6+6      | 6+6+6+6+6+6        |
|                   | 4+4   |        |          |            |              |                |                  |                    |
------------------



III. TECHNICAL RULES SINGLE & PAIR SKATING
A. Single and Pair Skating Elements
Rules 600 – 609 (reserved)
Rule 610 Requirements to elements of Single and Pair Skating and Illegal Elements/Movements
Jump elements A "jump element" is defined as an individual jump, a jump combination or a jump sequence.
Jump Combinations In a jump combination the landing foot of a jump is the take-off foot of the next jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but no weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump combination. An Euler (half-loop) when used in combinations between two listed jumps becomes a listed jump with the value indicated in the Scale of Value. If the first jump of a two-jump-combination fails to be successful and turns out as a “non-listed jump”, the unit will still be considered as a jump combination.
From 2026/27 Jump Combinations In a jump combination the landing foot of a jump is the take-off foot of the next jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but no weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump combination. An Euler (half-loop) is considered a non-listed jump, it will have no value when used in a jump combination between two listed jumps and it will not be counted in the number of the allowed jumps of the concerned jump combination An Euler jump cannot be included in the jump combination of the Short Program. An Euler (half-loop) can be executed, in between two listed jumps, only once in Free Skating. If the first jump of a two-jump-combination fails to be successful and turns out as a “non-listed jump”, the unit will still be considered as a jump combination.


Jump Sequences A jump sequence consists of two or three jumps of any number of revolutions, in which the second and/or the third jump is an Axel type jump with a direct step from the landing curve of the first/second jump in to the take-off curve of the Axel jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but without weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump sequence. Jumps executed in a jump sequence receive their full value.
From 2026/27 Jump Sequences A jump sequence consists of two or three jumps in Single Skating or two jumps in Pair Skating of any number of revolutions in which the second and/or the third jump is an Axel type jump with a direct step from the landing curve of the first/second jump into the take-off curve of the Axel jump. One full revolution on the ice between the jumps (free foot can touch the ice, but without weight transfer) keeps the element in the frame of the definition of a jump sequence. full value. Jumps executed An Euler (half-loop) is considered a non-listed jump, it will have no value when used in a jump sequence between two listed jumps and it will not be counted in the number of the allowed jumps of the concerned jump sequence. After the execution of an Euler (half- loop) no change of foot before the next jump is allowed. An Euler (half-loop) can only be executed in Free Skating. listed once,
in a
jump sequence receive their
between
two
jumps,
Spins Positions: There are three basic positions: camel (free leg backwards with the knee higher than the hip level, however Layback, Biellmann and similar variations are still considered as upright spins), sit (the upper part of the skating leg at least parallel to the ice), upright (any position with skating leg extended or slightly bent which is not a camel position). Layback Spin is an upright spin in which head and shoulders are leaning backward with the back arched. The position of the free leg is optional. Sideways Leaning Spin is an upright spin in which head and shoulders are leaning sideways and the upper body is arched. The position of the free leg is optional. A Spin that has no basic position with two revolutions will receive no Level and no value, however a spin with less than three rotations is considered as a skating movement and not a spin.


The minimum number of revolutions required in a position is two without interruption. In case this requirement is not fulfilled, the position is not counted. The change of foot in any spin must be preceded and followed by a spin position with at least three revolutions. If the Skater(s) fall(s) when entering a spin, or in any failed spin, a spin or a spinning movement is allowed immediately after this fall or failure (for time filling purpose) with this spin or movement not being counted as an element. If the spinning centers (before and after the change of foot) are too far apart and the criteria of “two spins” is fulfilled (there is a curve of exit after the first part and the curve of entry into the second part), only the part before the change of foot will be called and considered for Levels features.
Spin combinations: Must include a minimum of two different basic positions with two revolutions in each of these positions anywhere within the spin. To receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic positions. The number of revolutions in positions that are non-basic is counted in the total number of revolutions. Changing to a non-basic position is not considered as a change of position. A change of foot may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump. The change of foot and the change of position may be made either at the same time or separately.
Spin in one position and (in Singles) Flying spin (which means a spin with a flying entrance and no change of foot and position): The concluding upright position at the end of the spin (final wind-up) is not considered to be another position independent of the number of revolutions, as long as in such a final wind-up no additional feature is executed (change of edge, variation of position etc).
When the spin is commenced with a jump, no previous rotation on the ice before the take-off is permitted and a step over must be considered by the Judges in the Grade of Execution.
Step Sequences All step sequences should be executed according to the character of the music. Short stops in accordance with the music are permitted. Step Sequences must fully utilize the ice surface. Turns and steps must be balanced in their distribution throughout the sequence.
Illegal/Elements Movements are: -
lifts with wrong holds except Choreographic Pair Lift.


B. Single Skating
Rule 611 Short Program Singles
1. a) The Short Program for Single Skating (Senior and Junior) consists of seven required elements. The sequence of the elements is optional; b) The program shall be skated in harmony with the music chosen
by the Competitor. Vocal music with lyrics is permitted; If an unprescribed or additional element (performed) substitutes a required element (not performed), the respective box will be blocked and this performed element will be considered as not according to the requirements (no value);
d) Unlisted or additional elements such as jumps, spins, steps or repetitions, even of failed elements, are not marked and consequently do not block a “box” (spot) of another type of elements.
2. The Senior Short Program shall consist of the following required elements:
Men a) Double or triple Axel Paulsen; b) Triple or quadruple jump; c) Jump combination consisting of a double jump and a triple jump or two triple jumps or a quadruple jump and a double jump or a triple jump; d) Flying spin; e) Camel spin or sit spin with only one change of foot; f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
Women a) Double or triple Axel Paulsen; b) Triple jump; c) Jump combination consisting of a double jump and a triple jump or
two triple jumps;
d) Flying spin; e) Layback/sideways leaning spin or sit or camel spin without change of
foot;
f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.


3. The Junior Short Program shall consist of the following required elements, which form three groups. The groups that are effective on July 1st of each year are:
2024-2025 Men a) Double or triple Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Flip jump; c) Jump combination consisting of a double and a triple jump or two
triple jumps; d) Flying camel spin; e) Sit spin with only one change of foot; f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
Women a) Double Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Flip jump; c) Jump combination consisting of two double jumps or one double
and one triple jump or two triple jumps;
d) Flying camel spin; e) Layback / sideways leaning spin or sit spin without change of foot; f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
2025-2026 Men a) Double or triple Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Loop jump; c) Jump combination consisting of a double and a triple jump or two
triple jumps;
d) Flying sit spin; e) Camel spin with only one change of foot; f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
Women a) Double Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Loop jump; c) Jump combination consisting of two double jumps or one double
and one triple jump or two triple jumps;
d) Flying sit spin; e) Layback / sideways leaning spin or camel spin without change of
foot;


f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
2026-2027 Men
a) Double or triple Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Lutz jump; c) Jump combination consisting of a double and a triple jump or two
triple jumps; d) Flying camel spin; e) Sit spin with only one change of foot; f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
Women
a) Double Axel Paulsen; b) Double or triple Lutz jump; c) Jump combination consisting of two double jumps or one double
and one triple jump or two triple jumps;
d) Flying camel spin; e) Layback / sideways leaning spin or sit spin without change of
foot;
f) Spin combination with only one change of foot; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
4. Remarks Jumps b) For Senior Men any triple or quadruple jump is permitted, when a quadruple jump is executed in c), a different quadruple jump can be included as a solo jump. For Senior and Junior Men and for Senior Women, when the triple Axel Paulsen is executed in a), it cannot be repeated again as a solo jump or in the jump combination. For Senior Women any triple jump is permitted. For Junior Women and Men only the prescribed double or triple jump is permitted.
Jump combinations
c) For Senior Men the jump combination may consist of the same jump or another double, triple or quadruple jump. For Senior Men when a quadruple jump is executed in b), a different quadruple jump can be included in the jump combination. For Senior Women, Junior Men and Women the jump combination may consist of the same jump or another double or triple jump. However, for all categories the jumps included must be different than the solo jump.


If the same jump is executed as a solo jump and as a part of the jump combination, the repeated jump will not be counted (if this repetition is in a jump combination, only the individual jump which is not according to the above requirements will not be counted). If an extra jump(s) is executed, only the individual jump(s) which is not according to requirements will have no value. The jumps are considered in the order of execution.
From 2026/27 An Euler jump cannot be included in the jump combination in the Short Program.
Spins Spin in one position and spin combination: if there is no spin position before and/or after the change of foot with at least three revolutions, the spin is not according to the requirements and no value will be given. Except flying spins, spins cannot be commenced with a jump.
d) Flying spin: Senior: Any type of flying spin is permitted with landing position different than in the Spin in one position. Junior: Only the prescribed type of flying spin is permitted. Senior and Junior: A step over must be considered by the Judges in the Grade of Execution. A minimum of eight revolutions in the landing position which may be different from the flying position. No previous rotation on the ice before the take-off is permitted. The required eight revolutions can be executed in any variation of the landing position.
e) Spin in one position Men - spin with only one change of foot: Senior: The Competitor must choose the camel position or the sit position to be executed, but this position must be different from the landing position of the Flying spin. The spin must consist of only one change of foot, which may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump with not less than six revolutions on each foot in the chosen basic position. Junior: Only the prescribed sit or camel position is permitted to be executed. The spin must consist of only one change of foot, which may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump with not less than six revolutions on each foot in the chosen basic position.
e) Women - layback or sideways leaning spin: Any position is permitted, as long as the basic layback or sideways leaning position is maintained for eight revolutions without rising to an upright position. After the required eight revolutions it is possible to execute the


Biellmann position. Change of foot is not allowed.
Women - Spin in one position without change of foot: Any variation(s) of the chosen position can be executed. Minimum of eight revolutions in this position.
For Men and Women: If the landing position of the Flying spin is the same that in the Spin in one position, the last performed of these two spins will not be counted, but will occupy a spin box.
f) Spin combination: The spin combination must include only one change of foot with not less than six revolutions on each foot. A change of foot may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump. The change of foot and the change of position may be made either at the same time or separately. See general requirements for a spin combination in Rule 610.
Step Sequences Unlisted jumps (any number of revolutions) and listed jumps (with maximum one revolution) may be included in the step sequence without any penalties. Listed jumps of not more than one revolution included in the sequence will not be called and will not occupy a box.
Rule 612 Free Skating Singles
1. Free Skating consists of a well-balanced program of Free Skating elements, such as jumps, spins, steps and other linking movements executed with a minimum of two footed skating in harmony with music of the Competitor’s choice, vocal music with lyrics is permitted. Senior Well Balanced Program
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Men must contain: • maximum of seven jump elements (one of which must be an Axel
type jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin or a spin with a flying entrance and one a spin with only one position;
maximum of one step sequence; • maximum of one choreographic sequence.


A well-balanced Free Skating program for Women must contain: • maximum of seven jump elements (one of which must be an Axel
type jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin or a spin with a flying entrance and one a spin with only one position;
maximum of one step sequence; • maximum of one choreographic sequence.
Junior Well-Balanced Program A well-balanced Free Skating program for Men must contain: • maximum of seven jump elements (one of which must be an Axel
type jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin or a spin with a flying entrance and one a spin with only one position;
maximum of one choreographic sequence.
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Women must contain: • maximum of seven jump elements (one of which must be an Axel
type jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin or a spin with a flying entrance and one a spin with only one position;
maximum of one choreographic sequence.
From 2026/27 Senior Well Balanced Program
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Men must contain: • maximum of six jump elements (one of which must be an Axel type
jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin and one choreographic spin;
maximum of one step sequence; • maximum of one choreographic sequence.
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Women must contain: • maximum of six jump elements (one of which must be an Axel type
jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin and one choreographic spin;
maximum of one step sequence;


maximum of one choreographic sequence.
Junior Well-Balanced Program A well-balanced Free Skating program for Men must contain: • maximum of six jump elements (one of which must be an Axel type
jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin and one choreographic spin;
maximum of one choreographic sequence.
A well-balanced Free Skating program for Women must contain: • maximum of six jump elements (one of which must be an Axel type
jump);
maximum of three spins, one of which must be a spin combination, one a flying spin and one choreographic spin;
maximum of one choreographic sequence.
2. General The Competitor has complete freedom to select the Free Skating elements, the sum of which will comprise the program. All elements are to be linked together by connecting steps of a different nature and by other comparable Free Skating movements while fully utilizing the entire ice surface (forward and backward crossovers are not considered to be connecting steps). Any additional element or elements exceeding the prescribed numbers will not be counted in the results of a participant. Only the first attempt (or allowed number of attempts) of an element will be taken into account.
Remarks For all singles Free Programs the following will apply:
Individual Jumps Individual jumps can contain any number of revolutions.
Jump Combinations and Jump Sequences A jump combination and a jump sequence may consist of the same or another single, double, triple or quadruple jump. There may be up to three jump combinations or two jump combinations and one jump sequence in the Free Program. One jump combination or one jump sequence may consist of up to three jumps, the other two up to two jumps each.
From 2026/27 A jump combination and a jump sequence may consist of the same or


another single, double, triple or quadruple jump. There may be up to two jump combinations or one jump combinations without using an Euler (half- loop) and one jump sequence in the Free Skating. One jump combination or one jump sequence may consist of up to three jumps, the other one of up to two jumps. An Euler (half-loop) can only be executed once, in between two listed jumps, in Free Skating
Repetitions: Any double jump (including double Axel) cannot be included more than twice in a Single’s Free Program (as a Solo Jump or a part of a Jump Combination / Sequence). Of all triple and quadruple jumps only two can be executed twice. Of the two repetitions only one can be a quadruple jump. If at least one of these executions is in a Jump Combination/ Sequence, both executions are attributed their full numerical value according to the Scale of Value and calculation process described in Rule 353, 1.h), i) and ii. If both executions are as solo jumps, the second of these solo jumps will be attributed 70% of its numerical value according to the Scale of Value. Triple and quadruple jumps with the same name will be considered as two different jumps. No triple jump or quadruple jump can be attempted more than twice.
From 2026/27 Repetitions The same type of jump independent of the number of revolutions can be included not more than three times in the Free Skating program. Any double jump (including double Axel) cannot be included more than twice in a Single’s Free Skating program (as a Solo Jump or a part of a Jump Combination / Sequence). Of all triple and quadruple jumps only two can be executed twice. Of the two repetitions only one can be a quadruple jump. If at least one of these executions is in a Jump Combination/ Sequence, both executions are attributed their full numerical value according to the Scale of Value and calculation process described in Rule 353, 1.h), i) and ii. If both executions are as solo jumps, the second of these solo jumps will be attributed 80% of its numerical value according to the Scale of Value. No triple jump or quadruple jump can be attempted more than twice.
Extra jumps and jump elements: If an extra jump(s) is executed only the individual jump which is not according to the requirements will have no value. The jumps are considered in the order of execution.


Spins All Spins must be of a different character. Any Spin with the same character (abbreviation) as the one executed before will be deleted (but will occupy a spinning box). The spins must have a required minimum number of revolutions: six for the flying spin and the spin with only one position and ten for the spin combination, the lack of which must be reflected by Judges in their marking. These minimum number of required revolutions must be counted from the entry of the spin until its exit (except final wind-up in Spins in one position and Flying spins). In the spin combination and spin in one position the change of foot is optional.
Steps The Competitors have complete freedom in selecting the kind of step sequence they intend to execute. Any unlisted jumps of any number of revolutions and listed jumps with maximum one revolution can be included in the step sequence without any penalties. Listed jumps of not more than one revolution included in the sequence will not be called and will not occupy a box. Listed jumps with more than one revolution can also be included in the step sequence; they will be called and will occupy a box. The step sequence must fully utilize the ice surface. Step sequences which are too short and barely visible cannot be considered as meeting the requirements of a step sequence.
From 2026/27 Choreographic Spin A Choreographic Spin is a spin which enhances the choreography of the program and matches the music. A Choreographic Spin must have a minimum of 3 consecutive revolutions executed on one or two blades, with any basic or non-basic positions allowed. Change of foot is optional and can be done several times during the spin. The Technical Panel identifies the Choreographic Spin and it will be confirmed once the 3 consecutive revolutions have been completed. If the Choreographic Spin cannot be identifiable to the panel, the third performed spin will be considered as the Choreographic Spin (Choreographic Spin confirmed). This element has a fixed base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.
Choreographic Sequences A Choreographic Sequence consists of at least two different skating movements like spirals, arabesques, spread eagles, Ina Bauers, hydroblading, any jumps with maximum of two revolutions, spins, etc. Steps and turns may be used to link the two or more different movements


together. Listed elements included in the Choreographic Sequence will not be called and will not occupy a box. The pattern is not restricted, but the sequence must be clearly visible. The Technical Panel identifies the Choreographic Sequence which commences with the first skating movement and is concluded with the preparation to the next element (if the Choreographic Sequence is not the last element of the program). It can be performed before or after the Step Sequence. This element has a fixed base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.
Rules 613 – 618 (reserved)


C. Pair Skating
Rule 619 Requirements to elements of Pair Skating
General Pair Skating is the skating of two persons in unison who perform their movements in such harmony with each other as to give the impression of genuine Pair Skating as compared with independent Single Skating; attention should be paid to the selection of an appropriate partner.
All elements are to be linked together by connecting steps of a different nature and by other comparable Free Skating movements, together with a variety of positions and holds, while fully utilizing the entire ice surface.
a) Both partners need not always perform the same movements; they may separate from time to time, but they must give an impression of unison and harmony of composition of program and of execution of the skating. Movements performed entirely on two feet must be kept to a minimum.
b) For the purpose of these Rules, a lift means a complete lift including full extension of the lifting arm/s, if required for the type of lift concerned. Small lifts, which may be either ascending and descending or rotational in character, in which the Man does not raise his hands higher than the shoulder level, as well as movements which may include the holding of the Woman by the legs are also permitted.
c) One skate of the Woman must remain on the ice throughout the death spiral. Multiple execution throughout a program of movements, where neither skate is on the ice must be penalized. d) Harmonious steps and connecting movements, in time to the
music, should be maintained throughout the program.
Lifts Pair lifts are classified as follows: - Group One - Group Two - Group Three
Armpit Hold position Waist Hold position Hand to Hip or upper part of the leg including buttocks (above the knee) position Hand to Hand position (Press Lift type) Hand to Hand position (Lasso Lift type)
Group Four Group Five
The Lift’s Group is determined by the hold at the moment the Woman passes the Man’s shoulder. In Groups 3–5 full extension of the lifting arm(s) is mandatory. 116


A minimum of one revolution of the Man.
Partners may give each other assistance only through hand-to-hand, hand-to-arm, hand-to-body and hand to upper part of the leg (above the knee) grips. A change of hold means going from one of these grips to another or from one hand to another in a one hand hold. Changes of hold during the lift are permitted.
Woman’s positions are classified as follows: Upright (Woman’s upper body vertical), Star (Woman’s position sideways with upper body parallel to the ice) and Platter (Woman’s position flat, facing up or down with upper body parallel to the ice). A change of position means going from one of these positions to another (one full revolution in each position).
For the evaluation of the Technical Panel, the lift is concluded when the Man’s arm(s) begin to bend after full extension and consequently the Woman begins to descend. Level features (except related to take-off or landing) are counted from the moment the Man’s arms are fully extended until the conclusion of the Lift. Judges evaluate the entire lift from take-off to landing.
Twist lifts The Woman must be caught in the air at the waist by the Man prior to landing and be assisted to a smooth landing on the ice on one foot.
Throw jumps Throw jumps are partner assisted jumps in which the Woman is thrown into the air by the Man on the take-off and lands without assistance from her partner on a backward outside edge.
Solo jumps, jump combinations and jump sequences In case of unequal number of revolutions of the partners in a jump performed as a solo jump or part of a combination or a sequence, this jump will be called as a jump with lesser amounts of revolutions executed by the partners.
Death Spirals In the final position while the Woman is performing the actual death spiral, both the Man and the Woman must execute a minimum of one revolution with the knees of the Man clearly bent and in full pivot position. For a possible higher Level, the Man should stay in a low pivot position (this is when the lower part of his buttocks is not higher than the upper part of the knee of the pivot foot). The Woman simultaneously must skate on a clean edge with her head close to the ice surface, however she must not touch


the ice with her head or assist herself with the free hand or any part of the body. The Woman’s body weight is supported by the force of the spiraling edge and the hold of the Man. The Man must be in a centered position with a fully extended arm. Any kind of position is counted as a feature if Skaters’ hold lasts for at least one revolution.
Step sequences Should be executed together or close together. Step sequence must fully utilize the ice surface. Credit will be given to a pair which changes places and holds or uses difficult skating moves together during a step sequence. The workload between both partners must be even to be taken into account for a possible higher Level.
Rule 620 Short Programs Pairs
1. a) The Short Program for pairs (Senior and Junior) consists of seven required elements. The sequence of the elements is optional; b) The program shall be skated in harmony with the music chosen
by the Pair. Vocal music with lyrics is permitted;
c) If an unprescribed or additional element (performed) substitutes a required element (not performed), the respective box will be blocked and this performed element will be considered as not according to the requirements (no value).
d) Unlisted or additional elements such as jumps, spins, steps or repetitions, even of elements which have failed, are not marked and consequently do not block a “box” (spot) of another type of elements.
2. The Senior Short Program shall consist of the following required elements, which form three groups. The groups that are effective on July 1st of each year are:
2024-2025 a) Any hand to hand lift take-off (Group Four); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Throw jump (double or triple); d) Solo jump (double or triple); e) Solo spin combination with only one change of foot; f) Death spiral backward outside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface;


2025-2026 a) Any Lasso lift take-off (Group Five); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Throw jump (double or triple); d) Solo jump (double or triple); e) Solo spin combination with only one change of foot; f) Death spiral backward inside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
2026-2027 a) Any hip lift take-off (Group Three); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Throw jump (double or triple); d) Solo jump (double or triple); e) Pair Spin Combination; f) Death spiral forward inside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
3. The Junior Short Program shall consist of the following required elements, which form three groups. The groups that are effective on July 1st of each year are:
2024-2025 a) Any hand to hand lift take-off (Group Four); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Double or triple Salchow throw jump; d) Double Flip or double Axel solo jump; e) Solo spin combination with only one change of foot; f) Death spiral backward outside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface
2025-2026 a) Any Lasso lift take-off (Group Five); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Double or triple toe loop or Flip/Lutz throw jump; d) Double loop or double Axel solo jump; e) Solo spin combination with only one change of foot; f) Death spiral backward inside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface.
2026-2027 a) Any hip lift take-off (Group Three); b) Twist lift (double or triple); c) Double or triple loop throw jump;


d) Double Lutz or double Axel solo jump ; e) Pair Spin Combination; f) Death spiral forward inside; g) Step sequence fully utilizing the ice surface
4. Lifts a) Only the prescribed overhead lift take-off is permitted.
Remarks
Twist lifts b)
In the Short Program a twist lift take off is limited to either a Lutz or a Flip take off by the Woman. The number of revolutions of the Woman rotating freely in the air is two or three for Seniors and Juniors.
Throw jumps c) For Seniors, any double or triple throw jump is permitted. For Juniors
only the prescribed throw jump is permitted.
Solo jumps d) For Seniors, any double or triple jump is permitted. For Juniors only
the prescribed jump is permitted.
Spins Solo spin combination e) The Solo spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic positions with two revolutions in each of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. To receive full value, a Spin combination must include all three basic positions by both partners. Solo spin combinations may be commenced with jumps.
The spin combination must include only one change of foot with not less than five revolutions on each foot by both partners. The change of foot may be executed in the form of a step over or a jump. The change of foot and the change of positions may be made either at the same time or separately.
From 2026/27 e) Pair Spin Combination The pair spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic positions with two revolutions in each of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. The pair spin combination must include at least one change of position of both partners.


The pair spin combination must include at least one change of foot of both partners, not necessarily executed by both partners at the same time. If there is no change of foot or no change of position by both partners, the element will have no value. The pair spin combination must have a minimum of eight revolutions, the lack of which must be reflected by Judges in their marking. However, a spin with less than three rotations is considered as a skating movement and not a spin. The minimum number of required revolutions must be counted from the entry of the spin until its exit.
Death Spirals f) Only the prescribed death spiral is permitted.
Death Spiral backward outside: Both partners are skating on a backward outside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same arm as his skating foot fully extended. The Woman is leaning backwards to the ice and her arm is fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position, skating direction or edge is allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an outside edge.
Death Spiral forward inside: The Man is skating on a backward outside edge, and the Woman is skating on a forward inside edge. The Man performs a pivot and holds the hand of the Woman with the same arm fully extended as his skating foot. The Woman is leaning sideways to the ice and her arm is also fully extended as she circles around the Man in this position. Any variation of the Man’s position, skating direction or edge is allowed as long as he keeps the pivot position as described and the Woman circles around him on an inside edge.
Death Spiral backward inside: The Woman is leaning towards the ice and her arm is fully extended and she circles around the Man on a firm backward inside edge.
Death Spiral forward outside: The same as for the death spiral forward inside, except that the Woman circles around the Man on a firm forward outside edge.
Step sequences g) Step sequence should be executed together or close together and may include any unlisted jumps. Short stops in accordance with the music are permitted.


Rule 621 Free Skating Pairs
1. Free Skating for pairs consists of a well-balanced program composed and skated to music of the pair’s own choice for a specified period of time. Vocal music with lyrics is permitted. A good program contains moves of Single Skating executed simultaneously either symmetrically (mirror skating) or in parallel (shadow skating) and especially typical Pair Skating moves such as pair spins, spirals, lifts, partner assisted jumps and the like, linked harmoniously by steps and other movements.
2. A Senior Well-Balanced Program must contain: • maximum of three lifts, not all from the same group, with full extension of the lifting arm/s; • maximum of one twist lift; • maximum of two different throw jumps; • maximum of one solo jump; • maximum of one jump combination or sequence; • maximum of one pair spin combination; • maximum of one death spiral different from the death spiral of the
Short Program;
maximum of one choreographic sequence.
3. A Junior Well-Balanced Program must contain: • maximum of two lifts, not both from the same group with full extension of the lifting arm/s; • maximum of one twist lift; • maximum of two different throw jumps; • maximum of one solo jump; • maximum of one jump combination or sequence; • maximum of one pair spin combination; • maximum of one death spiral; • maximum of one choreographic sequence. Any additional element or elements exceeding the prescribed numbers will not be counted in the result of a pair. Only the first attempt (or allowed number of attempts) of an element will be taken into account.
From 2026/27 2. A Senior Well-Balanced Program must contain: • maximum of two lifts, not both from the same group, with full
extension of the lifting arm/s;
maximum of one choreographic pair lift • maximum of one twist lift;


maximum of two different throw jumps; • maximum of one solo jump; • maximum of one jump combination or jump sequence; • maximum of one choreographic pair spin • maximum of one death spiral different from the death spiral of the Short Program;
From 2026/27 3. A Junior Well-Balanced Program must contain: • maximum of two lifts, not both from the same group with full extension
of the lifting arm/s; • maximum of one twist lift; • maximum of two different throw jumps; • maximum of one solo jump; • maximum of one jump combination or sequence; • maximum of one choreographic pair spin • maximum of one death spiral;
Any additional element or elements exceeding the prescribed numbers will not be counted in the result of a pair. Only the first attempt (or allowed number of attempts) of an element will be taken into account.
4. Remarks For all pair programs, the following will apply:
Lifts All Lifts must have different abbreviations, if two Group 5 Lifts are executed, the take-offs have to be of a different nature (abbreviation). If the take-off is not different, the second executed lift with the same abbreviation will not be marked, but will block a Lift box.
Carry Lifts a) Lifts with at least one continuous revolution of the Man may include a carry. Only the first carry included in the one of such lift can be counted for a possible level feature.
b) Lifts that are just "Carries" consist of the simple carrying of a partner without rotation, only half a revolution of the Man is allowed on the take-off and/or exit. All holds in “Carry” lifts are unrestricted. The carrying of one partner by the other on the back, shoulders or knees is allowed in these lifts. Carry lifts shall not be counted in the number of overhead lifts. These lifts will be considered in the component "Composition". They do not have a value and are not limited in number.


From 2026/27 a) Lifts with at least one continuous revolution of the Man may include a
carry.
Twist lift In Free Skating the number of revolutions in the twist lift is not limited. A Lutz, Flip, Toe loop or Axel take-off by the Woman is accepted.
Solo jumps, jump combinations and jump sequences The jump combination may consist of two or three jumps. All jumps executed with more than two revolutions (Double Axel and all triple and quadruple jumps) must be of different nature (different name), however the jump combination or sequence can include two same such jumps. If an extra jump(s) is executed, only the individual jump(s) which is not according to the requirements will have no value. The jumps are considered in the order of execution.
From 2026/27 Solo jumps, jump combinations and jump sequences The jump combination/sequence consists of two jumps. All jumps executed with more than two revolutions (Double Axel and all triple and quadruple jumps) must be of different nature (different name), however the jump combination or sequence can include two same such jumps. If an extra jump(s) is executed, only the individual jump(s) which is not according to the requirements will have no value. The jumps are considered in the order of execution.
Pair Spin Combination The pair spin combination must have a minimum of two different basic positions with two revolutions in each of these positions by both partners anywhere within the spin. The pair spin combination must include at least one change of position of both partners. The pair spin combination must include at least one change of foot of both partners, not necessarily executed by both partners at the same time. If there is no change of foot or no change of position by both partners, the element will have no value. The pair spin combination must have a minimum of eight revolutions, the lack of which must be reflected by Judges in their marking. However, a spin with less than three rotations is considered as a skating movement and not a spin. The minimum number of required revolutions must be counted from the entry of the spin until its exit.


From 2026/27 Pair Spin Combination is deleted
Death Spiral Variations of arm holds and pivot positions (backward or forward) are possible. For Seniors the death spiral of Free Skating must be of a different type than the death spiral of the Short Program.
Choreographic Sequences A Choreographic Sequence consists of at least two different skating movements like spirals, arabesques, spread eagles, Ina Bauers, hydroblading, any jumps with maximum of two revolutions, spins, small lifts etc. Steps and turns may be used to link the two or more different movements together. Listed elements included in the Choreographic Sequence will not be called and will not occupy a box. The pattern is not restricted, but the sequence must be clearly visible. The Technical Panel identifies the Choreographic Sequence which commences with the first skating movement and is concluded with the preparation to the next element (if the Choreographic Sequence is not the last element of the program). This element has a fixed base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.
From 2026/27 Choreographic Pair lift: (to be added after the paragraph “Death Spiral”) A Choreographic Pair Lift is a lift which enhances the choreography of the program and matches the music. Choreographic Pair Lift must be ascending and descending whilst moving across the ice surface. It must have a minimum of 1 rotation. The Choreographic Pair Lift does not have any limitations regarding the hold on entry or at any point during the lift. The lifting partner must have straight or almost straight arm(s) above the head at some point during the lift. If the Choreographic Pair Lift is not identifiable to the panel, the third performed lift will be taken as the Choreographic Pair Lift (Choreographic Pair Lift confirmed). This element has a fixed base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.
From 2026/27 Choreographic Pair Spin: A Choreographic Pair Spin is a spin which enhances the choreography of the program and matches the music. A Choreographic Pair Spin must have a minimum of 3 consecutive revolutions executed on one or two blades at least by one partner, with


any basic or non-basic positions allowed. Change of foot is optional and can be done several times during the spin. Lifting of partners is optional but should not consist of any lifting movement with full extension of the arm(s) if the lifted position is higher than a shoulder level. The Technical Panel identifies the Choreographic Pair Spin and it will be confirmed once the 3 consecutive revolutions have been completed. This element has a fixed base value and will be evaluated by the judges in GOE only.


III. TECHNICAL RULES ICE DANCE
A. Ice Dance definitions
Rule 701 Axis
1. Long Axis – A straight line that divides the ice surface into two halves lengthwise (midline).
2. Short Axis – A straight line that divides the ice surface into two halves crosswise.
3. Continuous Axis – An imaginary line running around the ice surface that serves as the basis for the dance pattern. Usually, in Pattern Dances and Rhythm Dance, the continuous axis consists of two lines running parallel to the long axis of the ice surface, approximately halfway between the long axis and the sides. These lines are joined at each end of the ice surface by a semi-circle. These semi-circles are flattened in some dances so that they run parallel to the ends of the ice surface. In circular dances, such as the Kilian, the continuous axis approximates a circle. The continuous axis of the Paso Doble is an oval.
4. Transverse Axis – An imaginary line intersecting the Continuous Axis of a dance at right angles.
Rule 702 Patterns
The pattern of any dance is the design of the dance on the ice. The diagram of a Pattern Dance includes all the information needed to execute one complete pattern (sequence) of the dance.
1. Set Pattern Dance – A Pattern Dance for which the location, direction and curvature of all edges to be skated are designated in the diagram. This diagram must be followed as closely as possible.
2. Optional Pattern Dance – A Pattern Dance for which the pattern may be altered by a Couple provided that the original step sequences, positions and timing are maintained. Each repetition of the altered pattern must be executed in the same manner and the restart must be commenced from the same place. 127


3. Lobe – Any sequence of steps on one side of the Continuous Axis that is approximately semi-circular in shape.
Introductory Steps – All Pattern Dances (does not apply to Pattern Dance Elements) may be started with optional introductory steps.
2. Start of Pattern Dance – The first step of the Pattern Dance after the Introductory Steps.
3. Sequence – The set order of the prescribed steps/turns that compose one pattern (sequence) of a Pattern Dance.
4. Step Sequence – A series of prescribed or un-prescribed steps, turns and movements in a Rhythm Dance or a Free Dance. Step Sequences are divided into Types, Groups and Styles. a) There are the following Types of Step Sequences, which may be i) Step Sequences in Hold must be skated in any Dance Holds or variation thereof (unless otherwise specified by the Ice Dance Technical Committee). Any separation to change a hold must not exceed one measure of music;
ii) Not Touching Step Sequences must incorporate mirror and/or matching footwork. Both partners may cross each other’s tracing(s) and may switch from matching footwork to mirror and vice versa, unless otherwise specified by the Ice Dance Technical Committee. The partners should remain as close together as possible, but they must not touch. The distance between the partners should generally not be more than two arm length apart, except for short distances when the partners are performing edges and turns in opposite directions.
b) Types of Step Sequences are divided into Groups: i) Group A: Straight Line Step Sequences
Midline − skated along the full length of the ice surface on the Long Axis or Short Axis;
Diagonal − skated as fully corner to corner as possible.
ii) Group B: Curved Step Sequence
Circular (may be skated in anticlockwise or clockwise direction) − utilizing the full width of the ice surface on the Short Axis; Serpentine − commences in either direction (clockwise or anticlockwise) at the Long Axis at one end of the rink


and progresses in three bold curves or in two bold curves (S-Shaped) and ends at the Long Axis of the opposite end of the rink, the pattern utilizing the full width of the ice surface.
iii) Group C: Partial Step Sequences
Pattern Dance Type Step Sequence– performed on the ice surface anywhere or as prescribed by the Ice Dance Technical Committee.
c) Style of Step Sequences
Characteristics of Levels of Step Sequences, organized as Styles, are technical requirements with ongoing validity and are published in an ISU Communication
Any variation or combination of Groups, or other Groups of Step Sequences as decided upon by the Ice Dance Technical Committee are described and published in an ISU Communication.
5. Section – A part of a Sequence of a Pattern Dance.
6. Pattern Dance Element – A series of prescribed steps, turns and movements in a Rhythm Dance, consisting of: a) a Sequence of a Pattern Dance listed in Rule 707 or b) a Section of a Pattern Dance listed in Rule 707 or c) a combination of steps/turns from Pattern Dances listed in Rule
707.
Rule 704 Steps, Turns and Movements
1. Step – The visible tracing on the ice that is executed on one foot. It may consist of an edge, change of edge, a turn on one foot such as a Three-Turn or Counter or a flat (which usually is not acceptable). a) Edge – The visible tracing of a skate on one foot that is on one b) Change of Edge – The visible tracing of a skate on one foot that changes from one curve and edge to a different curve and edge; c) Flat – The visible double tracing of a skate on one foot that is
straight.
2. Open Stroke – A step started close beside the skating foot without crossing in front or behind. It should be noted that on all forward edges the free leg is held behind before coming to the skating foot for the next step. On all backward edges the free leg is held forward before returning to the skating foot for the next step.


3. Cross Stroke – A step started with the feet crossed so that the impetus or power is gained from the outside edge of the foot that is becoming the free foot. (Note – the legs cross above the knees).
4. Crossed Step In Front – A step in which the free foot is placed on the ice on the outer edge side of the skating foot with the free leg tightly crossed in front of the skating leg (note – the legs cross below the knees).
5. Crossed Step Behind – A step in which the free foot is placed on the ice on the outer edge side of the skating foot with the free leg tightly crossed behind the skating leg (note – the legs cross below the knees).
6. Chassé
a) Simple Chassé – A series of two edges (usually outside, inside) in which on the second edge the free foot is placed on the ice beside the skating foot, but not ahead of or behind it, and the free foot is lifted with the blade parallel to the ice;
b) Crossed Chassé is the same as Simple Chassé except that on the second step the free foot crosses the skating foot (crossing behind if the Skater is skating forward, and crossing in front if the Skater is skating backward);
c) Slide Chassé is the same as Simple Chassé except that on the second step the free foot slides off the ice in front of the skating foot when the Skater is skating forward and to the back if the Skater is skating backward (example: Man's Step 32 in the Starlight Waltz).
7. Progressive (or Run or Crossover) – A step or sequence of steps in which the free foot passes the skating foot before it is placed on the ice, thereby bringing the new free foot off the ice trailing the new skating foot.
8. Roll – A short or long, forward or backward edge.
a) Swing Roll – A Roll held for several beats of music during which, when skating backward, the free leg lifts and then first swings forward, then backward past the skating foot, then back beside to skate the next step. When skating forward, the free leg first swings backward, then forward and then back beside to skate the next step. The swing of the leg gives the sense of a “rolling movement”;
b) Cross Roll (Forward/Backward) Rolling action of the free leg passing continuously the skating foot to the next outside curve. At the same time, the body weight transfers from one outside curve to the new outside curve to the new outside curve to create a rolling movement.


For Cross Rolls, the free foot passes the skating blade/foot and is placed on the ice in front/back of the skating blade/foot. There is no requirement for the new skating blade to be on an outside edge when it is placed on the ice.
9. Slip Step – A step skated in a straight line with the blades of both skates being held flat on the ice. The weight is over the skating leg that may be well bent or straight while the free foot slides forward on the ice to full extension.
10. Toe Step – A step where the Skater steps from one toe to the other without jumping.
11. Turn
a) One Foot Turn – A rotational movement on one foot in which the Skater moves from forward to backward or backward to forward. i) Three Turn – A turn executed on one foot from an outside edge to an inside edge or an inside edge to an outside edge, with the exit curve continuing on the same lobe as the entry curve. The Skater turns in the direction of the curve;
ii) American Waltz Type Three Turn (or Swing Three Turn) – A Three Turn from an outside edge in which the free leg is extended and the toe and hip are well turned out and held over the tracing. The instep of the free foot is drawn close to the heel of the skating foot as the turn is made. After the turn onto an inside edge, the free foot is extended back of the tracing before being brought back beside the skating foot in time for the next step;
iii) European Waltz Type Three Turn – A Three Turn which begins as in ii). After the turn the back inside edge is held for one beat before the weight is transferred to the free foot as it becomes the skating foot;
iv) Ravensburger Waltz Type Three Turn – An inside Three Turn that begins as in i) and ii) with the free leg extended over the tracing and left behind during the turn, and swings through after its completion in front of the tracing before being brought back beside the skating foot in time for the next step. (example: Man's Step 1 in the Ravensburger Waltz);
v) Touchdown Three Turn – A Three Turn in which the weight is almost immediately transferred to the free foot as it becomes the skating foot for the next step. The turn is made from a forward outside three to the backward outside edge of the opposite foot without full weight transfer, then the Skater immediately steps forward onto the original foot (example:


Steps 1 and 2 in the Austrian Waltz). Such a sequence may be skated with forward or backward, inside or outside Three Turns and may be skated alone or as a Couple side by side;
vi) Walk-Around Three Turns – Three Turns turned by a Couple at the same time around a common axis. The partners skate these turns in Waltz Hold (example: Step 29 to 31 in the Austrian Waltz, Steps 39 and 40 in the Ravensburger Waltz) or offset in partial Tango Hold (Steps 1 to 5 in the Golden Waltz);
vii) Bracket – A turn executed on one foot from an outside edge to an inside edge or an inside edge to an outside edge, with the exit curve continuing on the same lobe as the entry curve. The Skater turns in the direction opposite to the curve;
viii) Rocker – A turn executed on one foot from an outside edge to an outside edge or an inside edge to an inside edge, with the exit curve on a different lobe from the entry curve. The Skater turns in the direction of the entry curve;
ix) Counter – A turn executed on one foot from an outside edge to an outside edge or an inside edge to an inside edge, with the exit curve on a different lobe from the entry curve. The Skater turns in the direction opposite to the entry curve (i.e. in the direction of the exit curve);
x) Swing Rocker or Counter – A type of Rocker or Counter in which the free leg swings smoothly past close to the skating leg before the turn and after the turn is either moved past the skating leg and held behind over the tracing or allowed to swing forward.
b) Two Foot Turn – A rotational movement from one foot to the other foot in which the Skater moves forward to backward or backward to forward
i) Mohawk – A turn from one foot to the other in which the entry and exit curves are continuous. The change of foot is from an outside edge to an outside edge or from an inside edge to an inside edge.
Open Mohawk – A Mohawk in which the heel of the free foot is placed on the ice at the inner side of the skating foot, the angle between the two feet being optional. Following the weight transfer, the immediate position of the new free foot is behind the heel of the new skating foot (examples: the Man’s Steps 8 and 9 and the Woman’s Steps 12 and 13 in the Fourteenstep);


Closed Mohawk – A Mohawk in which the instep of the free foot is brought to the heel of the skating foot until the free foot is placed on the ice behind the heel of the skating foot. Following the weight transfer, the immediate position of the new free foot is in front of the new skating foot (examples: Steps 11 and 12 of the Rocker Foxtrot); • Swing Mohawk – An Open or Closed Mohawk in which the free leg swings forward closely past the skating leg, and then back to the skating foot to execute the turn (examples: Steps 20 and 21 in the Tango).
ii) Choctaw – A turn from one foot to the other in which the curve of the exit edge is opposite to that of the entry edge. The change of foot is from outside edge to inside edge or inside edge to outside edge. Unless otherwise specified in the dance description, the free foot is placed on the ice close to the skating foot.
Open Choctaw – A Choctaw in which the free foot is placed on the ice at the inner side of the skating foot. Following the weight transfer the immediate position of the new free foot is behind the heel of the new skating foot;
Closed Choctaw – A Choctaw in which the instep of the free foot is brought to the heel of the skating foot until the free foot is placed on the ice behind the heel of the skating foot. Following the weight transfer the immediate position of the new free foot is in front of the new skating foot (example: Steps 12 and 13 in the Blues);
Swing Choctaw – An Open or Closed Choctaw in which the free leg swings forward closely past the skating leg and then back to the skating foot to execute the turn (example: Steps 5 and 6 [first part] of the Quickstep);
Crossed Open Choctaw – A Choctaw in which the outside of the free foot is held in front of and at right angles to the skating foot. The hip is open after the turn. It may be wide- stepped (example: Steps 11 and 12 in the Rhumba).
c) Twizzle – A traveling turn on one foot with one or more rotations which is quickly rotated with a continuous (uninterrupted) action. The weight remains on the skating foot with the free foot in any position during the turn then placed beside the skating foot to skate the next step. A series of checked Three Turns is not acceptable as this does not constitute a continuous action. If the


traveling action stops during the execution, the Twizzle, it becomes a Solo Spin (Pirouette).
The four different types of entry edges for Twizzles are as follows: - Forward Inside; - Forward Outside; - Backward Inside; - Backward Outside.
d) Twizzle Like Motion – While the body performs one full continuous rotation, the skating foot technically executes less than a full turn followed by a step forward.
12. Turn Sequences
i) Set of Twizzles
a) Set of Synchronized Twizzles – A series of two Twizzles for
each partner with up to four steps between Twizzles;
b) Set of Sequential Twizzles – A series of two Twizzles for each
partner with up to one step between Twizzles. For both a) and b), each Twizzle shall be at least one full rotation on one foot performed simultaneously (at the same time) by both partners.
ii) One Foot Turns Sequence
Specified Turns performed on one foot by each partner simultaneously, in Hold or separately.
13. Solo Spin (Pirouette) – A spinning movement performed on one foot on the spot by one partner alone (with or without the assistance of the other partner) or by both partners simultaneously (around separate centers); 14. Dance Spin a) Dance Spin – A spin skated by the Couple together in any hold. To be performed on the spot around a common axis on one foot with or without change(s) of foot by one or both partners;
b) Basic Positions in Dance Spins
i) Upright Position – Performed on one foot with skating leg straight or slightly bent and upper body upright (on a nearly vertical axis), arched back or bent to the side.


ii) Sit Position – Performed on one foot with skating leg bent in a one-legged crouch position and free leg forward, to the side or back;
iii) Camel Position – Performed on one foot with skating leg straight or slightly bent and body bent forward and free leg extended or bent upward on a horizontal line or higher.
15. Leg and Foot Positions
a) Coupée – The free foot is held up in contact with the skating leg from an open hip position so that the free foot is at a right angles to the leg of the skating foot;
b) Passé – The free foot is brought up to the side of the skating leg from a closed hip position so that the free foot is parallel to the leg of the skating foot;
c) Attitude – The free leg is bent, and brought up out and behind at
a ninety degree angle to the leg of the skating foot.
16. Dance Lift – A movement in which one of the partners is elevated with active and/or passive assistance of the other partner to any permitted height, sustained there and set down on the ice. Any rotations and positions and changes of such positions during the lift are permitted. Lifts should enhance the music chosen and express its character and should be performed in an elegant manner without obvious feats of strength and awkward and/or undignified actions and poses. The minimum requirement for a Dance Lift is 3 seconds. Types of Dance Lifts are classified as follows: Short Lifts b) Straight Line Lift – A lift in which the lifting partner travels in a
straight line in any position on one foot or two feet;
c) Curve Lift – A lift in which the lifting partner travels on one
curve (lobe) in any position on one foot or two feet;
d) Rotational Lift – A lift in which the lifting partner rotates in one (clockwise or anticlockwise) direction while travelling across the ice.
Combination Lifts –A lift combining:
e) two Rotational Lifts (as per paragraph d) above): in different
directions;


f) two Curve Lifts: on two different curves forming a serpentine
pattern;
g) two different Types of Short Lifts a), b), c) or d) above.
17. Jumps
a) Dance Jump – A jump of not more than one revolution. b) Jump Entry – A jump of not more than one and a half revolutions, performed by one partner as an entry to a Required Element unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
c) Jump Exit – A jump of not more than one and a half revolutions, performed by one partner as an exit from a Required Element unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
d) Hop – A small jump without revolution.
18. Types of Movements
a) Crouch – A two-footed movement in which a Skater travels
along the ice with both legs bent at an angle; Ina Bauer – A two-footed movement in which the Skater travels along the ice with one foot on a forward edge/tracing and the other on a matching backward edge/tracing on a different but parallel tracing;
c) Lunge – A movement in which a Skater travels along the ice with one leg bent and the other leg directed behind with the boot/blade touching the ice;
d) Pivot – A two footed movement in which the toe picks of one foot are inserted into the ice by a Skater as a central pivoting point while the other foot travels in a circular pattern around the pivot point;
e) Shoot the Duck – A one foot movement in which a Skater
travels along the ice with one leg in a strongly bent position and the other leg directed forward parallel to the ice;
f) Spread Eagle – A two-footed movement in which a Skater travels along the ice with one foot on a forward edge/tracing and the other on a matching backward edge/tracing on the same tracing.
19. Choreographic Element – Listed or unlisted movement or series of movement(s) as specified by the Ice Dance Technical Committee.
20. Any new elements or variation(s) or combination(s) of Turns/Steps/Jumps/Movements/Spins/Lifts/Choreographic Elements/Illegal Elements approved by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and published in an ISU Communication when applicable. 21. Illegal Elements/Movements/Poses – The following elements, movements and/or poses are illegal in Rhythm Dance, Free Dance


and in the Pattern Dances including the introductory and concluding steps (unless otherwise stated in an ISU Communication): a) sitting on the partner’s head; b) standing on the partner’s shoulder; c) lifted partner in upside down split pose (with sustained angle
between thighs more than 45 degrees);
d) lifting partner swinging the lifted partner around by holding the
skate(s)/boot(s) or leg(s) only with fully extended arm(s)
e) lifting partner swinging the lifted partner around without the assistance of hand(s)/arm(s) and the lifted partner holding only with feet around the lifting partner’s neck;
f) point of contact of the lifting hand(s)/arm(s) of the lifting partner with any part of the body of the lifted partner is sustained with the fully extended arm(s) higher than the lifting partner’s head (the supporting arm may be sustained and fully extended above the head);
g) Jumps of more than one revolution except Jump Entry and/or
Jump Exit;
h) Lying on the ice.
A brief movement through poses a) to f) will be permitted if it is not established and sustained or if it is used only to change pose.
Rule 705 Dance Holds
1. Hand-in-Hand Hold
a) Facing in same direction – The partners face in the same direction and are skating side by side or one behind the other with their arms extended and their hands clasped. A variation of this is the arm-in-arm side by side hold.
b) Facing in opposite directions – The partners usually face each other while one skates backward and the other skates forward with the arms extended to the side but sometimes the hold can be skated back to back (example: Steps 22 to 25 in the Cha Cha Congelado).
2. Closed or Waltz Hold – The partners are directly opposite each other. One partner faces forward while the other partner faces backward. The Man’s right hand is placed firmly on his partner’s back at the shoulder blade with the elbow raised and the arm bent sufficiently to hold the Woman close to him. The left hand of the Woman is placed at/on the shoulder of the Man so that her arm rests comfortably, elbow 137


to elbow, on his upper arm. The left arm of the Man and the right arm of the Woman are extended comfortably at shoulder height. Their shoulders remain parallel.
3. a) Open or Foxtrot Hold – The hand and arm holds are similar to those of the Closed or Waltz Hold. The partners simply turn slightly away from each other so that they both face in the same direction. b) Crossed Foxtrot Hold – The partners are in the same hold as above except that the Man’s right arm passes behind the Woman and his right hand is on her right hip, and the Woman’s left arm passes behind the Man and her left hand is on his left hip.
4. Outside or Tango Hold – The partners face in opposite directions – one partner skating forward; the other partner backward. However, unlike the Closed Hold, the partners are offset with the Man to the right or left of the Woman so that the front of his hip is in line with the front of her corresponding hip. Tight hip-to-hip position is undesirable since it impedes flow.
5. a) Kilian Hold – The partners face in the same direction with the Woman to the right of the Man and his right shoulder behind her left. The left arm of the Woman is extended across the front of the Man’s body to hold his left hand. His right arm crosses behind the Woman’s back to clasp her right hand. Both right hands rest over her hip bone; with the Woman at the Man’s left;
c) Open Kilian Hold – The Man’s left hand holds the Woman’s left hand, with his right hand resting over the Woman’s left hip or behind her back. The Woman’s right arm is extended. This hold may also be reversed;
d) Crossed Kilian Hold – The Woman’s left arm is extended across the front of the Man’s body to his left hand, while his right arm is extended across in front of her body with both partners’ right hands resting clasped over her hip. This hold may also be reversed;
e) High Kilian Hold – A Kilian Hold in which one pair of the joined hands are elevated to slightly above shoulder height with the elbows slightly bent (example: Steps 3 to 12 in the Yankee Polka).
6. Leading Hand – The leading hand of the Man is the right hand except in the case of “Reversed” hold when it is the left hand.
7. Promenade – A type of "progressive" skated in Open Hold by a Couple on the same (example: Steps 9 to 11 in the Blues) or opposite


(example: Steps 16 to 19 in the Tango) feet derived from a similar forward walking movement in some ballroom dances.
Note: photographs of all Dance Holds listed above are found in the ISU Handbook Ice Dance 2003. In certain cases, some Dance Holds cannot be defined by standardized descriptions.
Rule 706 Musical definitions
1. Beat – A note defining the regular recurring divisions of a piece of music.
2. Tempo – The speed of music in Beats or Measures per minute.
3. Rhythm – The regularly repeated pattern of accented and unaccented Beats which gives the music its character.
4. Measure (Bar) – A unit of music which is defined by the periodic recurrence of the accent. Such units are of equal number of Beats.
5. Strong Beat – The first Beat of the Measure or group of two Measures supporting the skating count of the Rhythm.
6. Weak beat – For Rhythms with a skating count on two Measures, the first Beat of the second Measure (examples: skating count 3 of the Quickstep; skating count 4 of the American Waltz). The skating count of each Rhythm is explained in the ISU Ice Dance Rhythms Booklet & Compact Disc.


B. Pattern Dances
Rule 707 Introduction
1. Pattern Dances consist of the skating of prescribed Patterns, Steps and Turns to music with a defined Rhythm and constant Tempo.
2. In an International Competition including a Pattern Dance(s) Segment, the Pattern Dances to be skated will be selected from the following:
1. Fourteenstep 2. Foxtrot 3. Rocker Foxtrot 4. Tea Time Foxtrot 5. Ten Fox 6. Swing Dance 7. Dutch Waltz 8. Willow Waltz 9. European Waltz 10. American Waltz 11. Westminster Waltz 12. Viennese Waltz 13. Austrian Waltz 14. Starlight Waltz 15. Ravensburger Waltz 16. Golden Waltz 17. Hickory Hoedown 18. Kilian 19. Maple Leaf March
20. Yankee Polka 21. Quickstep 22. Finnstep
23. Paso Doble
24. Rhumba 25. Rhumba D’Amour 26. Cha Cha Congelado 27. Silver Samba 28. Tango Fiesta 29. Tango Canasta 30. Tango 31. Argentine Tango 32. Tango Romantica 33. Rhythm Blues
34. Blues
35. Midnight Blues
The descriptions, charts and diagrams of the Sequences of the above Pattern Dances are included in the ISU Handbook Ice Dance 2003. The Man must skate the Man’s Steps and the Woman must skate the Woman’s Steps. Descriptions of the additional Pattern Dances will be published in an ISU Communication.
3. The Pattern Dances must be skated in the order listed in paragraph 2 above. Each Pattern Dance must be skated by each Couple alone on the ice surface as follows, unless otherwise directed by the Ice Dance Technical Committee in an ISU Communication:


a) For two Sequences of the dance:
Swing Dance Dutch Walz Willow Waltz European Waltz American Waltz Starlight Waltz Ravensburger Waltz Westminster Waltz
Austrian Waltz Silver Samba Golden Waltz Argentine Tango Yankee Polka Tango Finnstep Cha Cha Congelado Midnight Blues
Tango Romantica
b) For three Sequences of the dance:
Tango Fiesta Tango Canasta Ten Fox Viennese Waltz Hickory Hoedown Rhythm Blues Blues Paso Doble
c) For four Sequences of the dance:
Fourteenstep Foxtrot Rocker Foxtrot
Quickstep Rhumba
d) For six Sequences of the dance:
Kilian
e) The number of Sequences may vary per season and will be
announced in an ISU Communication when applicable: Rhumba D’Amour Maple Leaf March Tea Time Foxtrot.
f) The number of Sequences per all Pattern Dances may vary per
season and will be announced in an ISU Communication when applicable
4. All Pattern Dances shall be started so that the steps of the first side of the pattern are skated in front of the Judges unless otherwise directed by the Ice Dance Technical Committee in an ISU Communication.
5. In International Competitions, the current series of ISU Ice Dance music shall be used for the Pattern Dance unless the Ice Dance Technical Committee has decided that the music for one or several Pattern Dances is to be provided by the Couple, following certain requirements, as announced in an ISU Communication. In this case, 141


Pattern Dance music that does not adhere to these specifications will be penalized by deduction(s) (see Rule 353, paragraph 1. n).
When ISU Ice Dance music is used, five pieces of music will be played, unless otherwise directed in an ISU Communication, for each Pattern Dance from ISU tunes 1 to 5. For each starting group the music will be played in the above mentioned numerical order. The last (sixth) tune of each dance shall be only used during the warm-up of each starting group.
6. After the completion of the last step of the Pattern Dance, the couple must reach their final pose within 20 seconds. If this time limit is exceeded a deduction according to Rule 353, paragraph 1. n) shall apply.
7. An interrupted Pattern Dance shall be resumed at the nearest technically practicable point in the step sequence and which must be after the point of interruption. The Couple may not skate the steps missed by the interruption.
8. Push/Transition to the next step: A change of edge within the last ½ a beat of the step is permitted to prepare the push/transition to the next step.
Rule 708 Requirements and marking
1. General requirements for Pattern Dances
a) Accuracy – The steps, edges, elements/movements and dance holds must be in accordance with the dance description and the Rules. Subject the basic requirements, some latitude is given to allow a Couple to demonstrate individual style. This is usually accomplished by the use of a variety of arm and/or leg movements. Movements or positions of arms and/or hands, which differ from those specified in the descriptions of the required dance holds are permitted, provided that the Leading Hand of the Man remains in the prescribed position for the hold;
to general conformity with
their own
b) Placement – The pattern of the dances must be in accordance with the Rules. Maximum utilization of the ice surface is desirable, which requires deep edges and good flow. Ice coverage must not be obtained by the use of flat or shallow edges. In a regulation-sized rink (Rule 342), the Couples may not cross the Long Axis. In rinks less than regulation-size, the Couple may cross the Long Axis proportionally to the width of the rink;


c) Skating Skills – Good basic skating skills are required:
Deep edges skated with speed, flow and easy glide in an effortless manner. Cleanness and sureness of steps, edges and lobe transitions evident. The Skaters must carry their weight over the skating foot. Footwork must be neat and precise. Two- footed skating must be avoided except where it is required. Good and equal technical ability are required for both partners. The knee of the skating leg should be flexible with a rhythmic rise and fall. On Chassés and Progressives the feet must be lifted a small distance from the ice;
d) Timing – The dances must be skated in strict time to the music with the start of the first step of the dance on beat 1 of the nineth measure of the particular tune (unless otherwise specified in the description of the Pattern Dance or by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and announced in an ISU Communication). The prescribed number of beats employed for each step/movement must be in accordance with the Rules. All movements must be coordinated with the rhythm of the music so that all steps are completed without any break in continuity;
e) Style – Carriage should be upright but not stiff with the head held up. All actions should be easy and flowing and performed in an elegant manner. The Dance Holds (see Rule 705), should be firm and the fingers neither spread nor clenched. There should be no apparent struggle for speed and speed should not be obtained at the expense of good style. The free leg should be extended; the foot turned out and pointed down;
f) Unison – The Couple should skate as close together as possible keeping a constant distance between them. All movements such as leg swings, knee bends and lean should be equal and well- coordinated and their performance should be balanced. The partners should move as one. The Man should show his ability to lead and the Woman to follow;
g) Presentation – The dance must be skated smoothly and rhythmically with the character of the music being correctly displayed. Such interpretation shall be shown by variations in the execution of dance movements, which reflect the rhythm patterns in the music. The overall effect should be such that each Pattern Dance has a distinct flavor. The partners should relate to one another.
2. Required Sections of Pattern Dances
The pattern of each Pattern Dance may be divided into a certain number of Sections published and updated in an ISU Communication. 143


3. Marking Pattern Dances a) Technical Score i) Scale of Values
A table with the Scale of Values of the Sections of the Pattern Dances is published and updated in ISU Communications. This Scale of Values (SOV) contains Base Values of all the Sections of each Pattern Dance and adjustments for the correctness and quality of their execution;
ii) Levels of Sections
For Novice Competitions and for competitions having specified such procedure in their Announcement, Technical Specialists will determine the Level of every Section in the Pattern Dance (if a description of Levels of Sections and corresponding Scale of Value are available for that Pattern Dance in an ISU Communication);
The description of characteristics that give a Section a certain Level is published and updated in ISU Communications.
iii) Grade of Execution (GOE)
Every Judge will mark the quality of execution of every Section of the Pattern Dance depending on the positive and negative features of the execution and errors on the eleven grades of execution scale: +5, +4, +3, +2, +1, Base Value, - 1, -2, -3, - 4, - 5. Each + or - grade has its own + or - numerical value indicated in the SOV Table. This value is added to the Base Value of the Section or deducted from it; The guidelines for marking of Sections/Sequences are published and updated in ISU Communications.
b) Components Score
i) Component definitions
In addition to the Technical Score each Judge evaluates the Couple's whole performance in the Pattern Dances by three Components (Timing, Presentation, Skating Skills), unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
TIMING
Definition: The ability of the Couple to skate strictly in time with the music.


Criteria:
Musical sensitivity • Skating in time with the music • Skating on the strong beat • Start of the first Step on beat 1.
PRESENTATION
Definition: Through the involvement of the Skaters, the display of the correct rhythm or style as required by the description of the dance or by the specific style of the dance.
Criteria: • Expressiveness and projection • Oneness and awareness of space.
SKATING SKILLS
Definition: The ability of the Couple to precisely execute dance steps and movements in accordance with the dance description with power, balance, depth of edges, easy transition from one foot or lobe to the other, glide and flow.
Criteria:
Overall skating quality • Clarity of edges, steps, turns, movements • Balance and glide • Flow • Power and speed • Ice coverage • Unison
ii) Marking of Components
Components are evaluated by Judges after the completion of the dance on a scale from 0.25 to 10 with increments of 0.25. Points given by the Judges correspond to the following degrees of the Components: <1- extremely poor, 1 very poor, 2 - poor, 3 -weak, 4 – below average, 5 - average, 6 - above average, 7 - good, 8 - very good, 9 to 9.75 - excellent, 10 - for evaluation of outstanding.
Increments are used


performances containing some features of one degree and some of the next degree. Guidelines for judging are published and updated in ISU Communications.
c) Deductions
Deductions are applied for certain violations according to Rule 353.
C. Rhythm Dance
Rule 709
1. General Requirements for the Rhythm Dance
Rhythm Dance is a dance created by an Ice Dance Couple to dance music with designated rhythm(s) and/or theme(s) selected by the Ice Dance Technical Committee annually for the season. The dance must: i)
reflect the character of the music / the selected dance rhythm(s) and/or theme(s);
ii) be translated to the ice by demonstrating the repertoire of technical skill with a variety of steps, turns, and movements executed precisely and completely along with balance and glide, flow, power and speed and unison;
iii) be delivered with unison, in harmony and spatial awareness; iv) fit to the phrasing of the music.
Couples must skate primarily to the rhythmic beat. The dance will contain elements selected by the Ice Dance Technical Committee from the list of required elements specified in paragraph 2 below. Elements should be integrated into the composition of the dance so the concept and choreography must produce the feeling of a unified dance. The rhythm (or group of rhythms) and/or theme(s) as well as the guidelines and technical requirements for the Junior and Senior programs, including specified elements will be decided annually by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and published in an ISU Communication.
b) The duration of the Rhythm Dance is indicated in Rule 502,
paragraph 3.
c) The music for the Rhythm Dance, including music for the specified Pattern Dance (if required) is to be provided by the Couple. The music may be vocal and must be suitable for Ice Dance as a sport discipline. The music must have the following characteristics:


i) Only dance music with an audible rhythmic beat may be used. The music may be without an audible rhythmic beat for up to 10 seconds at the beginning of the program;
ii) The music must be selected in accordance with the
designated rhythm(s) and/or theme(s);
iii) The music selected must have a constant tempo and be in accordance with the specified tempo, when applicable. Rhythm Dance music that does not adhere to these specifications will be penalized by deduction(s) (see Rule 353, paragraph 1. n)). The Couple is required to submit the name/title of the selected music and the rhythm(s)/theme(s) of their program when registering their music for the information of the Referee and Judges.
d) The pattern must proceed in a generally constant direction and must not cross the Long Axis of the ice surface except once at each end of the rink (within no more than 30 meters of the barrier). Loops in either direction are permitted provided that they do not cross the Long Axis (unless specified by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and announced in an ISU Communication).
e) All dance steps, turns, rotations and changes of position are permitted provided that they are appropriate to the designated rhythm(s) and the music chosen. Repetition of any steps, turns and movements is permitted. Difficult, original, varied and intricate footwork is required for both partners.
f) There are no restrictions on Dance Holds (or variation thereof). Skating in Hand-in-Hand Hold with fully extended arms is permitted only if in the character of the rhythm chosen, but must not be used excessively.
g) Partners must not separate except to change hold or to perform Required Elements requiring a separation, Turns as transitional elements and moves during the permitted stops. The distance between partners during such separations should not exceed two arm lengths. Change of hold and Turns as transitional elements must not exceed the duration of one measure of music. Separations at the beginning and/or end of the program may be up to 10 seconds in duration without restrictions on the distance of the separation, unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
h) After the clock is started with the first movement, the Couple must not remain in one place for more than 10 seconds at the beginning and/or the end of the program. During the program up to two full stops in addition to stops required in Required Elements are permitted (duration must not exceed 5 seconds each) unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.


i) The program must be developed through skating skill and quality rather than through non-skating actions such as sliding on one knee, or use of toe steps which should be used only to reflect the character of the dance and underlining rhythm and nuances of the chosen music. In the interest of the public in the arena, programs should be choreographed to all sides of the arena and not only focused to Judges’ side.
j) Touching the ice with the hand(s) is not permitted. Unless in a
otherwise allowed by Communication.
the
IDTC and announced
k) Kneeling or sliding on two knees, or sitting on the ice is not allowed and it will be considered by the Technical Panel as a Fall unless otherwise announced in an ISU Communication.
2. Required Elements
The list of Required Elements to be included in the Rhythm Dance and specific requirements for these elements will be announced in an ISU Communication annually.
The following are options that may be included as Required Elements:
Dance Lift(s) – see Rule 704, paragraph 16; • Dance Spin(s) – see Rule 704, paragraph 14; • Turn Sequence(s) – see Rule 704, paragraph 12; • Step Sequence(s) – see Rule 703, paragraph 4; • Pattern Dances Element(s) – see Rule 703, paragraph 6 (Pattern Dance Element as per Rule 703, paragraph 6. a) or 6. b) included in the Junior Rhythm Dance as set Required Element(s);
Choreographic Element(s) see Rule 704, paragraph 19.
D. Free Dance
Rule 710
1. General Requirements for the Free Dance
a) Free Dance is the skating by the Couple of a creative dance program blending dance steps and movements expressing the character/rhythms(s) of the dance music chosen by the Couple;
The Free Dance must contain combinations of new or known dance steps and movements including Required Elements composed into a well-balanced, whole unit displaying excellent skating technique and the personal creativity of the Couple in


concept, arrangement, and expression. The program, including Required Elements, must be skated in time and phrase with the music. The Couple should skate primarily in time to the rhythmic beat, and not to the melody alone. The choreography should clearly reflect the dance character, accents and nuances of the chosen dance music, demonstrating a close relationship between partners with obvious, distinct changes of mood and pace with variations in speed and tempo. The program must utilize the whole ice surface. The Free Dance must not have the concept of a Pair or show program.
b) The duration of the Free Dance is indicated in Rule 502,
paragraph 4.
c) The music for Free Dance may be vocal and must be suitable for Ice Dance as a sport discipline and must have the following characteristics: i) The music must have an audible rhythmic beat and melody, or an audible rhythmic beat alone, but not melody alone, and may be vocal. The music may be without an audible rhythmic beat for up to 10 seconds at the beginning or at the end of the program and up to 10 seconds during the program. ii) The music must have at least one change of tempo/rhythm and expression. These changes may be gradual or immediate.
iii) All music including classical music must be cut/edited, orchestrated or arranged in a way that it creates an interesting, colorful, entertaining dance program with different dance moods or a building effect.
Free Dance music that does not adhere to these requirements will be penalized by a deduction (see Rule 353, paragraph 1.n).
d) All steps and turns are permitted. Deep edges and intricate footwork displaying skating skill, difficulty, variety and originality that constitute the distinct technical content of the dance must be included in the program and performed by both partners. In the interest of the public in the arena, programs should be choreographed to all sides of the arena and not only focused to Judges’ side.
e) All elements and movements are permitted provided that they are appropriate to the character of the music and to the concept of a Well-Balanced Program and are in accordance with the definitions in Rule 704.
f) The number of separations to execute transitional footwork or moves is not restricted. The distance between partners should not exceed two arms lengths. The duration of each such separation, 149


outside of Required Elements requiring a separation, must not exceed 5 seconds. Separations at the beginning and/or end of the program may be up to 10 seconds in duration without restrictions on the distance of separation, unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
g) All changes of hold are permitted. Many and varied holds increase the difficulty of the program and therefore, should be included. Skating face to face is considered to be more difficult than skating side by side, hand in hand, separately or one after the other.
h) After the clock is started with the first movement, the Couple must not remain in one place for more than 10 seconds at the beginning and/or end of the program. During the program full stops (up to 5 seconds) in addition to stops required in Required Elements, in which the Couple remains stationary on the ice while performing body movements, twisting, posing and the like are permitted, unless otherwise specified in an ISU Communication.
i) The program must be developed through skating quality rather than through non-skating actions such as sliding on one knee, or use of toe steps which should be used only to reflect the character of the dance and underlining rhythm and nuances of the chosen music.
j) Touching the ice with the hand(s) is not permitted.
k) Kneeling or sliding on two knees, or sitting on the ice is not allowed and it will be considered by the Technical Panel as a Fall unless otherwise announced in an ISU Communication.
2. Well-Balanced Free Dance Programs
The list of Required Elements to be included in a Well-Balanced Program for Novice, Junior and Senior Free Dances and the specific requirements for those elements will be announced in an ISU Communication annually. The following are options that may be included as Required Elements:
Dance Lift(s) – see Rule 704 paragraph 16; • Dance Spin(s) – see Rule 704 paragraph 14; • Step Sequence(s) – see Rule 703 paragraph 4 (Groups A and B); • Turn Sequence(s) – see Rule 704 paragraph 12; • Choreographic Element(s) – see Rule 704, paragraph 19.


E. Announcement and draw of Pattern Dances and announcement of requirements for Rhythm Dance and Free Dance
Rule 711
1. For Novice International Competitions, the lists of Pattern Dances will be announced annually by the Ice Dance Technical Committee in an ISU Communication not later than June 1st, to become effective on July 1st of the year following the announcement. For other International Competitions which include a Pattern Dance(s) Segment, the Pattern Dance(s) to be skated may be decided by the Organizers and included in the Announcement. If a draw is required, the Pattern Dance(s) to be skated shall be drawn on site and announced prior to the first official practice. The draw shall be carried out by the Referee in the presence of, if possible, one participating Couple.
2. a) The specific requirements for the Rhythm Dance and Free Dance will be decided annually by the Ice Dance Technical Committee and announced in an ISU Communication; b) The specific requirements announced for the Rhythm Dance and Free Dance must be used at all ISU Championships and International Competitions during the year, from July 1st to June 30th, for which they are announced.
3. All Communications concerning technical requirements must be published before June 1st except for pending decisions as a result of a Congress, clarifications and additional examples which may be published as needed.
Rules 712 – 799 (reserved)


INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
Founded: July 23rd, 1892, at Scheveningen (Netherlands)
ISU MEMBERS
AND Andorra ARG Argentina
Federacio Andorrana d’Esports de Gel (Figure)
Argentine Ice Speed Skaters Union (UVEPA) (Speed) Federacion Argentina de Patinaje Sobre Hielo (Figure)
ARM Armenia AUS Australia
Figure Skating Federation of Armenia (Figure)
Australian Ice Racing Inc. (Speed) Ice Skating Australia Incorporated (Figure)
AUT Austria
Österreichischer Eisschnelllauf Verband (Speed) Österreichischer Eiskunstlauf Verband (Figure)
AZE Azerbaijan BEL Belgium
The Skating Federation of Azerbaijan Republic (Figure)
Fédération Royale Belge de Patinage de Vitesse (Speed) Fédération Royale Belge de Patinage Artistique (Figure)
BIH Bosnia and Herzegovina
Skating Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
BLR Belarus BRA Brazil BUL Bulgaria CAN Canada
Skating Union of Belarus
Brazilian Ice Sports Federation
Bulgarian Skating Federation
Speed Skating Canada (Speed) Skate Canada (Figure)
CHI Chile
Chilean National Figure Skating Federation (Provisional Member Figure)
CHN China
Chinese Skating Association (Speed) Chinese Figure Skating Association (Figure)
COL Colombia
Federacion Colombiana de Patinaje (Provisional Member Speed)
CRO Croatia CYP Cyprus CZE Czechia
Croatian Skating Federation
Cyprus Skating Federation (Figure)
Czech Speed Skating Federation (Speed) Czech Figure Skating Association (Figure)
DEN Denmark ECU Ecuador EGY Egypt ESP Spain EST Estonia Finland FIN
Dansk Skøjte Union
Ecuadorian Skating Federation (Figure)
Ice Skate Egypt (Provisional Member Figure)
Federacion Española de Deportes de Hielo
The Estonian Skating Union
Suomen Luisteluliitto (Speed) Suomen Taitoluisteluliitto (Figure)
FRA France
Fédération Française des Sports de Glace


GBR Great Britain GEO Georgia GER Germany
British Ice Skating
Georgian Figure Skating Federation (Figure)
Deutsche Eisschnelllauf-Gemeinschaft (Speed) Deutsche Eislauf-Union e.V. (Figure)
GRE Greece HKG Hong Kong/ China
Hellenic Winter Sports Federation (Figure)
Hong Kong Skating Union Ltd
HUN Hungary INA IND IRL ISL ISR ITA JPN Japan KAZ Kazakhstan
Indonesia India Ireland Iceland Israel Italy
Hungarian National Skating Federation
Federasi Ice Skating Indonesia
Ice Skating Association of India
Ice Skating Association of Ireland
Icelandic Skating Association (Figure)
Israel Ice Skating Federation
Federazione Italiana Sport del Ghiaccio
Japan Skating Federation Kazakhstan Skating Union (Speed) Kazakhstan Figure Skating Union (Figure)
KGZ Kyrgyz Republic Skating Federation of the Kyrgyz Republic (Figure) KOR Rep. of Korea KUW Kuwait
Korea Skating Union
Kuwait Figure Skate Federation (Provisional Member Figure)
LAT Latvia LIE LTU Lithuania
Liechtenstein
Latvian Skating Association
Liechtensteiner Eislauf Verband (Figure)
Lithuanian Speed Skating Association (Speed) Lithuanian Skating Federation (Figure)
LUX Luxembourg
Union Luxembourgeoise de Patinage de Vitesse (Speed) Union Luxembourgeoise de Patinage (Figure)
MAR Morocco MAS Malaysia MDA Moldova
Association of Moroccan Ice Sports (Figure)
Ice Skating Association of Malaysia
Figure Skating Federation of the Republic of Moldova (Figure)
MEX Mexico
Federacion Mexicana de Patinaje Sobre Hielo y Deportes de Invierno, A. C. (Figure)
MGL Mongolia MKD North Macedonia Skating Federation of North Macedonia (Figure) MON Monaco NED Netherlands NOR Norway NZL New Zealand
Skating Union of Mongolia
Fédération Monégasque de Patinage (Figure)
Koninklijke Nederlandsche Schaatsenrijders Bond
Norges Skøyteforbund
Ice Speed Skating New Zealand Inc (Speed) New Zealand Ice Figure Skating Association (Inc) (Figure) 153


PER Peru PHI Philippines POL Poland
Peruvian Ice Skating Federation
Philippine Skating Union
Polish Speed Skating Association (Speed) Polish Figure Skating Association (Figure)
POR Portugal
Portuguese Winter Sports Federation (Speed & Provisional Member Figure)
PRK D.P.R. Korea
Skating Association of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea
QAT Qatar ROU Romania RSA South Africa
Qatar Skating Federation (Speed)
Romanian Skating Federation
South African Speed Skating Association (Speed) South African Figure Skating Association (Figure)
RUS Russia
Russian Skating Union (Speed) The Figure Skating Federation of Russia (Figure)
SGP Singapore
Singapore Ice Skating Association
SLO Slovenia SRB Serbia SUI Switzerland
Slovene Skating Union
Serbian Skating Association
Swiss Ice Skating Internationaler Schlittschuh-Club Davos (Club Member)
SVK Slovak Republic Slovak Speed Skating Union (Speed)
Slovak Figure Skating Association (Figure)
SWE Sweden
Swe-Sports - Svenska Skridsko-, kälk-och Rullidrottsförbundet (Speed) Svenska Konstakningsförbundet (Figure) Stockholms Allmänna Skridskoklubb (Club Member)
THA Thailand TKM Turkmenistan
Figure and Speed Skating Association of Thailand
National Center of Turkmenistan for Winter Sport (Provisional Member Figure) TPE Chinese Taipei Chinese Taipei Skating Union TUR Türkiye Turkish Ice Skating Federation UAE United Arab
UAE Ice Sports Federation (Figure)
Emirates
UKR Ukraine
Ukrainian Speed Skating Federation (Speed) Ukrainian Figure Skating Federation (Figure)
USA United States
of America UZB Uzbekistan VIE Vietnam
US Speedskating (Speed) The United States Figure Skating Association (Figure)
Winter Sports Association of Uzbekistan Skating Federation of Vietnam


INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
Headquarters: Registered postal address: Avenue Juste-Olivier 17, 1006 Lausanne, Switzerland, Phone: (+41) 21 612 66 66, Fax: (+41) 21 612 66 77, E-Mail: info@isu.ch
OFFICE HOLDERS 2022-2026
Council: President: 1st Vice President: Speed Skating: Figure Skating: Vice President: Speed Skating: Members:
Jae Youl Kim Tron Espeli Benoit Lavoie Suwanna Silpa-Archa Sergio Anesi Stoytcho G. Stoytchev Alexander Kibalko Albert Hazelhoff
Republic of Korea Norway Canada
Thailand Italy Bulgaria Russia Netherlands
Figure Skating:
Patricia St. Peter Tatsuro Matsumura Susanna Rahkamo György Elek Maria Teresa Samaranch
USA Japan Finland Hungary Spain
Director General: Treasurer: Legal Advisor:
Athletes Representative:
Eric Radford Colin Smith Vacant Michael Geistlinger
Canada Great Britain
Austria
Speed Skating Sports Technical Director:
Hugo Herrnhof
Italy
Technical Committees: Single & Pair Skating:
Chair: Members:
Fabio Bianchetti Leena Laaksonen Yukiko Okabe Emilie Billow Susan Lynch
Appointed Skater: Cong Han Appointed Coach: Patrick Meier
Italy Finland Japan Sweden Australia China Switzerland
Ice Dance:
Chair: Members:
Shawn Rettstatt Hilary Selby David Molina Ingrid Charlotte Wolter
Appointed Skater: Kaitlyn Weaver Appointed Coach: Alper Uçar
USA Great Britain France Germany Canada Türkiye


INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
Synchronized Skating:
Philippe Maitrot Petra Tyrbo Lois Long Nina Bischoff Appointed Skater: Ida Hellström Appointed Coach: Cathy Dalton
Chair: Members:
Speed Skating:
Chair: Members:
Nick Thometz Hanjo Heideman Øystein Haugen Alexei Khatylev
Appointed Skater: Pending Appointed Coach: Enrico Fabris
Short Track Speed Skating:
Chair: Members:
Christoph Milz
Nathalie Lambert Reinier Oostheim So Hee Kim Germany
Appointed Skater: Charlotte Upcott Appointed Coach: Wim de Deyne
Athletes Commission (elected until March 2026) Chair Vice Chair
Eric Radford Douwe de Vries Evan Bates Nathalie Lindqvist Viktor Knoch
Disciplinary Commission: Chair: Members:
Susan Petricevic Allan Böhm Jean-François Monette Eugen Larasser Keith King
Medical Commission: Chair: Members:
Jane M. Moran Joel C. Shobe Hiroya Sakai Ruben Ambartsumov Hannu Koivu Eunkuk Kim Marieke Becker
Development Commission: Coordinator:
Xu Xun
China
Jildou Gemser
Karn Luanpreda Franca Bianconi
France Sweden USA Switzerland Finland Canada
USA Netherlands Norway Belarus
Italy
Canada Netherlands Korea
Great Britain Belgium
Canada Netherlands USA Sweden Hungary
New Zealand Slovak Republic Canada Germany USA
Canada USA Japan Ukraine Finland Rep. of Korea Netherlands
Netherlands
Thailand Italy


Honorary Presidents: Viktor Gustaf Balck † Emerich von Szent Györgyi † Herbert J. Clarke † James Koch † Jacques Favart † Olaf Poulsen † Ottavio Cinquanta † Jan Dijkema
Honorary Vice Presidents: Sven Låftman † Hendrik Roos † John R. Shoemaker † Hermann Schiechtl † Georg Pettersson † Jean Heckly† Josef Dedic † Lawrence Demmy M.B.E. † Gerhard Zimmerman David Dore † Alexander Lakernik
Honorary Secretary: Georg Häsler †
Honorary Members: Hans Pfeiffer † Gustavus F. C. Witt † Marcel Nicaise † Friedrich Kachler † Walter S. Powell † Reginald J. Wilkie † Georg Krog † Ernest Labin † Harald Halvorsen † Ernest J. G. Matthews † Heinz Dragunsky † Oskar Madl † George Blundun † Emil Skàkala † Viktor Kapitonov † Arne Kvaalen † Icilio Perucca † Elemér Tertak † Donald H. Gilchrist † Herman J. van Laer † Benjamin T. Wright † John Hurdis † Charles A. De More † Hans Kutschera† Jean Grenier Jürg Wilhelm † Lars-Olof Eklund † Jan W.P. Charisius †
Year of election
Sweden Hungary Great Britain Switzerland France Norway Italy Netherlands
1925 1933 1955 1967 1982 1994 2016 2022
Sweden Netherlands USA F.R.G. Sweden France Czech Republic Great Britain Germany Canada Russia
1971 1977 1980 1984 1986 1992 1994 1998 2010 2016 2022
Switzerland
Austria Netherlands Belgium Austria USA Great Britain Norway Austria Norway Great Britain G.D.R. Austria Canada Czechoslovakia U.S.S.R. Norway Italy Hungary Canada Netherlands USA Canada USA Austria Canada Switzerland Sweden Netherlands
Year of election 1939 1953 1959 1959 1961 1963 1969 1969 1969 1977 1980 1980 1980 1980 1984 1984 1988 1988 1992 1992 1992 1992 1994 1996 1996 1998 1998 1998


Honorary Members: (continued) Wolfgang Kunz † Joyce Hisey Walburga Grimm † John Hall † Maria Bialous-Zuchowicz † Claire Ferguson † Monique Georgelin Myong-Hi Chang Courtney J.L. Jones O.B.E. Ulf Lindén Gerhardt Bubník James L. Hawkins Phyllis Howard Tjasa Andrée-Prosenc German Panov Lan Li † György Martos Peter Krick Alexander Gorshkov † Ann Shaw Olga Gilardini Junko Hiramatsu Marie Lundmark Roland Maillard † Volker Waldeck Béatrice Pfister
Past Presidents: Willem H.J. Mulier † Viktor Gustav Balck † Ulrich Salchow † Gerrit W.A. van Laer † Herbert J. Clarke † James Koch † Ernest Labin † Jacques Favart † Olaf Poulsen † Ottavio Cinquanta † Jan Dijkema
Germany Canada Germany Great Britain Poland USA France Rep. of Korea Great Britain Sweden Czech Republic USA USA Slovenia Russia China Hungary Germany Russia Canada Italy Japan Finland Switzerland Germany Switzerland
Year of election 1998 2002 2002 2002 2006 2006 2006 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2018 2022 2022 2022 2022
Years of service Netherlands Sweden Sweden Netherlands Great Britain Switzerland Austria France Norway Italy Netherlands
1892–1894 1895–1924 1925–1937 1937–1945 1945–1953 1953–1967 1967 1967–1980 1980–1994 1994–2016 2016–2022


INTERNATIONAL SKATING UNION
Jacques Favart Trophy: established 1981
U.S.S.R. Irina Rodnina USA Eric Heiden Great Britain Jayne Torvill / Christopher Dean USA Scott Hamilton G.D.R. Katarina Witt G.D.R. Karin Kania Natalia Bestemianova / Andrei Bukin Russia Tomas Gustafson Gaétan Boucher Bonnie Blair Kurt Browing Johann Olav Koss Ludmila † & Oleg Protopopov
Sweden Canada USA Canada Norway Switzerland
Georg Häsler Medal: established 1985
Zoltán Balázs † Willi Zipperlen † F. Ritter Shumway † Herbert Kunze† Assen Pavlov W. Thayer Tutt † Victor Blinov † Andrea Ehrig Radovan Lipovscak† Courtney J. L. Jones O.B.E. Milan Duchon Klaas Schipper Lysiane Lauret † Anna Sinilkina † George Howie† Pamela E.L. Davis, M.B.E. † Jurjen Osinga † Ivan Mauer † Florea Gamulea David E. Morgan † Beat Häsler Mitsuo Matsumoto † Robert Moir † Valentin Piseev
Hungary Switzerland USA F.R.G. Bulgaria USA U.S.S.R. G.D.R. Yugoslavia Great Britain Czechoslovakia Canada France Russia USA Great Britain Netherlands Slovak Republic Romania Australia Switzerland Japan Canada Russia
Year of award
1981 1983 1986 1987 1988 1990 1992 1993 1994 1998 1998 1998 1998
1987 1987 1988 1989 1989 1989 1990 1990 1990 1991 1992 1992 1993 1993 1993 1994 1994 1995 1996 1996 1998 2000 2002 2002


ISU Gold Award of Merit: established 2004 Lysiane Lauret † Lucy Brennan Susan Johnson Joachim Franke † Ann Shaw David Mitchell Robert Horen Joseph Inman Christa Elisabeth Krick Erik Ømundset Kenneth Pendrey Gale Tanger Michel Verrault Susan Heffernan Joanne Shaw Sally Rehorick Knut Ludahl Jan Marmstål Charles Z. Cyr † Halina Gordon-Poltorak Ulrich Linder Rita Zonnekeyn
France USA USA Germany Canada Great Britain USA USA Germany Norway Great Britain USA Canada Canada Canada Canada Norway Sweden USA Poland Switzerland Belgium
2006 2007 2007 2008 2008 2016 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2019 2019 2019 2019 2019 2024 2024 2024 2024